This is a teach pendant, and traditionally, it’s how you teach a robot arm to do something. It’s awkward. Two of the problems with programming robots the traditional way are that you need to tell it exactly what you want it to do, point to point. The other is that the robot assumes that nothing changes. You just manually drive the tip of the robot to where you know you need it to go and then hit ‘record,’ and remember that point, then you drive it over to the other place and hit ‘record,’ and remember that point, and then, when you play, it goes from one point to the next. And it can do that over, and over, and over again. In the event that there is some error or something moves, the robot has no way of knowing that. The robot will still go exactly where you told it to go the first time, and that can result in a crash, or breaking something, or injuring a person. It’s just like any computer. It will do exactly what you ask it to do, even if that's not what you meant! In the early days of computers, writing code generally meant using what’s called 'assembly language'. You would have to literally tell the processor to move things from one memory address to another, or to tweak some values, or to change specific pixels on the screen. Like giving instructions to this arm, you would be telling the chip every single thing that it had to do. As time moved on, programmers got higher level languages. Write some words and some brackets, the system works out the boring details for you. If you’ve ever worked with a spreadsheet, then that counts. Writing a formula in Excel, that's enough. In the end, sure, it all gets converted to assembly language. For most programmers, they never even have to think about it. The team here at Autodesk's Pier 9 in San Francisco are working on more or less the same thing, just for making physical things. Basically, the biggest robot that we have in the lab, which we call ‘Ash,’ is essentially a big, robotic 3D printer that's printing in stainless steel. We have a MIG welder that is depositing stainless steel onto a metal plate. By activating the MIG welder while moving the robot, we’re building a weld bead, and then we’re building beads on top of each other. You would typically use welding to stitch two pieces of metal together. What we’re doing is using the same technology, but stacking the metal on top in order to produce a separate piece of finished material. Now, ultimately, the result is the same. The motors in the robot arm are told, “move this way.” It’s just that human’s original instructions are a bit more abstract, and they're filtered through another couple of layers. Using a teach pendant would be pretty impractical for these complex curves. Normal 3D printers do basically 2½D. They go to an X and a Y, and then up and down. This robot can point in various directions. The robot needs to know not only where it is, but how it should point when it gets there. We give it a piece of geometry, and the software figures out the instructions set for the robot that will result in a print, that is what we want. One of the things we’re developing is a closed loop feedback system, where the robot is actually aware of what it’s doing. Before it completely fails a print, it’s keeping track of the quality of the print that it’s doing. It will actually correct, reprogram itself in real time, in order to avoid an actual failure. What we’re working on is a vision system, where between vision and a couple of other sensors, we can monitor and supervise the status of the prints. If the welder runs out of wire, or if something else happens, the robot would traditionally have no way of knowing. Now, the robot can know that. Not all the robot’s movements are being directly controlled by a person. If it goes wrong, it’s a bit different than just having an error message pop up. This arm here weighs two tonnes, and when it wants to, it moves fast. The only reason I'm allowed this close is because I'm literally holding the emergency stop button in my hand, just in case. Our robot currently has no way of sensing us. What currently happens is when a person that shouldn’t be near a robot gets close to the robot, you shut everything down. It would be great, and we’re interested in a future where the robot can know that person is there, with vision or some other kinds of sensing, and then actively avoid that person, and continue doing what it’s doing. Self driving cars, hospital heart monitors, basically everything electronic: ultimately, the code in it is just 1s and 0s. The more levels of abstraction between the programmer and the bare metal, the easier it is to write code, but when something goes wrong, fixing it might be out of your hands. Thank you very much to all the team at Autodesk, and to their applied research lab, here at Pier 9 in San Francisco. Go and check out their YouTube channel, or pull down the description for some links to see the amazing projects they're working on.
We are six weeks away from the UK General Election, which means we are in purdah. Unless it's absolutely critical, the folks in charge, national or local, aren't allowed to announce any new policies, sign any big new contracts, or do anything official that could be seen as trying to use their power to unduly influence the election. Not that most of them will: Parliament has just been dissolved, so they can all go off and campaign. On that note... The rules are complicated and depend on the size of the area you're campaigning in, but from now until election day, each individual candidate can spend no more than about £15,000 on all their campaigning. That's not just an advertising budget: that's on everything. Every penny has to be counted, tracked and invoiced, and if you go over, you can be disqualified even after the election. And all the scams and tricks you're currently thinking of to get around that? The law covers most of them with a catch-all clause saying you must make an "honest assessment". The political parties also have a limit on their national campaigning budget, which is about twenty million pounds over the whole country. Sounds like a lot, but as a comparison: the last US election cost six billion dollars. But keeping to that isn't as difficult as you might think, because... The UK has never allowed political adverts on television. The parties are given a small amount of free airtime on major channels, but pretty much everyone switches off as soon as they hear the phrase "Now, a Party Election Broadcast by..." This year, though, the parties have realised that they can put attack ads on the internet instead, and then use their limited budget to target those ads only at people who live in marginal constituencies -- swing states, for the Americans out there. If you live in one of those, you might even have seen one of those ads before this video. So, okay, the parties can't advertise on TV, but surely they've got the pundits on the news arguing for them, right? TV news must be -- well, actually fair and balanced. By law. Generally, the BBC gets an equal amount of complaints from all sides, and then they reckon they've done their job about right. Newspapers have no restriction like that, though, and the tabloids have been quite happy to use that influence in the past. I swear that's what it's called. Here's how the scam works: go into a retirement home, and by confidence, collusion, or coercion, get access to either the residents' postal votes, or get nominated as their proxy voter, so you can vote on their behalf. Amazingly, this has only been illegal since 2006. How do you spoil a result? Well, postal votes are sometimes opened for verification days before the polls have closed. There's no reason why not, it won't change the result as long as they're still kept secret. And no-one does anything ridiculous like, oh I don't know, tweet what they've seen. Well done there, actual member of Parliament. She deleted it quickly, admitted it, and was given an official police caution. And finally: Everyone who's stuck posters up, or put some temporary sign up in their garden: they have to make sure they're taken down within two weeks. If it's anything like last time, we may not even have a government in there by then, but at least those of us who live away from Westminster won't be constantly reminded of it. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Did their faces go all like that as they went over the top? No, that’s sustained. You’ll get that if you get sustained Gs. This is… It’s more a sort of “ga-dumf” feeling. ‘Cos when you jump and hit the floor, briefly, your feet are getting a few Gs. But it’s so brief that it doesn’t matter. I’ve got a friend who’s a massive rollercoaster fan and I went with her to a… Thorpe Park, if we’re allowed to name check, and before each ride she’d be like, right, this has maximum G of this, and this many flips, and the other, but then the whole ride is just me sitting there counting them going “yes, that works out, ooh yep, that’s there”. And so it turns into somewhere between rollercoaster riding and accounting, which is kind of fun. Tell you what, that’d be a job to get into, accounting on a rollercoaster. Well, no, you just design the rollercoaster so it’s basically the pound after Brexit. And it’s just… no, there’s the drop! Satire! That exists, it’s the first drop on the Pepsi Max Big One. I was going for Oblivion at Alton Towers. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. You could have a whole theme park! “You want to go on the tulip ride again?” “Yeah, let’s do it.”
This is the Technical Difficulties, we’re playing ‘Citation Needed’. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it’s Chris Joel. I thought o'summat on t'train, but it’s gone now. Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. So in the end I just stocked up on booze from the Tesco’s, had a massive dump and went to sleep. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. And this is what a live studio audience applauding sounds like! And today we are talking about 'Acoustic Kitty'. Is it when you don’t put the jack in before you squeeze it? What? Acoustic kitty. Electric kitty! Right, yes. You’re playing a cat with a feedback pedal, I get where you’re going with that. I didn’t get the 'jack' bit and I thought it was like a car-jack or something. No, just grab the tail. No, that’s elevated kitty. Yes, if you did it with a cat’s tail they do get, generally, a little bit higher each time. Top Cat! And when you take it out, low cat. Is it like some kind of loud bank? Oh, get out. Get out! I’ve just worked that one out. Get out. You’ve going to have to explain that one. Isn’t a kitty like a fund or something? Yes, it is. That got a boo! I’m all about the groaning today! Today, may I say, on behalf of us and the entire audience, you are the f***ing worst. Oh, harsh(!) Surely every cat is acoustic? I'm telling you, man, not necessarily! So since Bob Dylan electrified his cat, then…? You’re actually in roughly the right era. So 1960s. Yes, absolutely. And it’s an actual cat. Yes, it is an actual cat. But, it’s not like cats were silent until the '60s. It’s not like no one had ever, I don't know, surprised one or stood on its tail, or actually not fed one because, trust me, they are f***ing acoustic when they’ve not been fed. I know, but until 1916 they used to have another, smaller cat following them around with a series of placards saying “meow” on them. Until, one day, the first cat burped, and went... And they found their first talkie. I just had the worst and best idea at the same time. Teach your cat to hook a little flag onto its tail that says what it actually means. How would you train the cat in the first place? One of the flags it would need would be the flag to say, “Don’t train me to hold up flags!” Can I just say, in the five seconds that I had there to work this s*** out, at no point had I thought this through. That’s abundantly clear! Right, I thought, “Oh, you could do that”. By the time you started going, I went, “Oh, you really can’t.” It’s fine. That’s how the process of discovery happens. Well! Look before you leap. Don’t nail flags to cats without considering the consequences. I did not mention nails! I said hook. It’s a little thing like that, like you get on a- What? A ringworm? No! I know the thing, it’s on the top of an orange juice carton. One of those- - Ring-pull? - Yes! How will that hold a flag on? - Glue! - You want a ring-pull feline? Why just not nail it to the cat then? A ring-pull's for taking things off! Yes, but I’m finding another use for it, for f***’s sake! Oh, you’re recycling now! Yes! - First buy your orange juice. - Yes! Yes! - Pull the tab, place to one side. - Yes! Drink the orange juice, cut the flag out of the orange juice… So hold on, this is basically a cat saying, “orange juice” for the rest of its life? On the one side it says orange juice... ...on the other side it says nothing! On the other it says, “Food” or, “Toilet” or, “I hate you” or, “Ow.” And you’re going to train the cat to get a different one...? Yes, I am, there’ll be... But they can’t use the scissors to cut out the orange juice carton! They have a HUMAN HELPER! You haven’t thought this through! I know! Stop judging me! I have all these ideas, all the time! You’ve managed to catch one in the nth-of-a-second that the idea existed as a thing in my mind. Anybody else want to take a swing, just while we’ve got him on the run? While he's down? The thing is, amidst all that, Gary… - Oh god. - Don’t tell me he’s got a point. You were talking about terrible ideas that briefly sounded like a good thing, and I’m giving you a point for it. Yes! Here we go… Isn't there a thing in 'Monty Python' where they hit mice to make an instrument? Is that like an acoustic kitty but with- You’re thinking the wrong way round here. You’re thinking production of noise. A listening cat? Espionage? F***! So, you feed the cat LSD to achieve mind control, put on your tinfoil hat and send it to listen. - You’ve got one part of that right... - Tinfoil hat! and it’s not the LSD or the tinfoil hat. Tinfoil cat! So, they’ve strapped a tape recorder or something to a cat and let it wander in places. A big reel-to-reel on the back. A big Uher on the back! I’ll give you the point, they did attach something to it but it wasn’t a big reel-to-reel tape. Oh, it’d be a radio transmitter... Rockets! Yes… No. It’s got to get there, and they don’t walk far. You’ve absolutely right. You’ve also used the word ‘strap’, I’m giving you a point for radio transmitter, but strap is definitely not right. Implant? - Absolutely right. - What?! Apparently, I’m the sensible one this episode. Yes. So, me putting my cat in a dress for medical reasons is weird but implanting a microphone in a cat, totes normal. That’s the way today’s going for everybody. Yes, in an hour-long procedure a veterinary surgeon implanted a microphone in the cat’s ear canal Oh... a small radio transmitter at the base of its skull Oh! and a thin wire into its fur. Agh! That’s what the cat said. I like the fact it’s a perfectly normal looking cat after this, apart from the aerial with the red flashing light on top. Who might’ve done that? Is it... is it... is it Russia? No. Is it... is it... is it America? Yes. Yes, it was the CIA Directorate of Science and Technology. How the hell did the CIA manage to out-weird Russian intelligence? They probably didn’t, but we don’t know what the Russians were up to, because of Russian intelligence. While they were implanting microphones in cats the Russians were firing theirs into the icy vacuum of space, let’s face it. With even bigger antennas! Yes, it was the CIA from America. The idea being that the cat would wander into a place and just be surreptitiously recording things. Let me guess, the cat didn’t wander where they wanted it to wander. Because it's a cat. Yes. What they did they have to do another operation to get around? Oh no, this isn’t the old woman who swallowed a fly is it? They don’t end up sending an elephant in to distract from the cat? They’ve invented, by the way, the Cyberman cat there, incidentally! Because they've been replacing parts. Make them bionic. But, how can you… I can only go in grim places to what they had to do to fix… They bypassed the cat’s sense of hunger, apparently. - Oh, for... how?! - What?! - Grim. - I’m just quoting what it says here. It is grim. Cats are always hungry. Yes, that was one of the problems with it. The CIA really know what tuna sounds like. (Is that what cats eat? I’ve never fed one.) So, how much did this cost? To get a cat, to do the research- Well, the cat’s cheap. Yes, to be fair, the cat was probably cheap but the entire project here, according to Victor Marchetti, former CIA officer, how much did they spend on a... on a cat? Was it a dollar sign with the word "ridiculous" after it? Hang on, Price is Right rules? Yeah, Price is Right rules, closest one without going over. We’re in dollars, yes? Yes, we’re in US dollars. US dollars in the 1960s, so it’s about half what you have now. I’m going to say half-a-million. He’s saying half-a-million. “One million dollars.” Now, we know what you do now. Is he going to do the $1 bid, or is he going to go high? Well, I’m not going high, I was going to say $150,000 but you pointed to him first. Well, you’re correct but you’re not even close, $20m. F***! So they got the cat. No way, really? They implanted things in the cat. Where did they release the cat? Okay, not... surely not in the abroads? No, it was in America, I’ll give you that. Embassy Row, if there is such a thing, in New York, or Washington or something. Yes, you’re absolutely right, the Soviet compound in Washington DC. So, someone walked up to the Soviet compound, - bunged a cat over the wall... - threw a cat at it! Or was it parachuted in? No, the first mission was to eavesdrop on two men in a park out... ...sorry, parachuted?! Yeah! I’m not entirely convinced that a cat is going to be really good at pulling its rip-cord. It’s coming from low-altitude, it’ll have the wire that... - It's a static line. - Oh, wire attached to it. Ha-ha! Not so stupid now. They released it. It did wander towards the park bench. What happened? It died of hunger because they’d bypassed its hunger centre. I was going to say, they bypassed its hunger centre, but it'd go in to the kitchen and eat all the lovely tuna that had been left cooling on a window-sill, or something like that. Put a wee flag up saying, “I’m a spy.” Did it immediately have a dump? Yeah, mark its territory. And that’s all that was recorded. Marking its territory, yes. It is, sadly, a little bit harsher. Oh, hit by a car. Yes, hit by a taxi immediately. Oh, we're all the worst... The twenty million dollar cat... “We can rebuild it!... oh actually, never mind.” ...was hit by a taxi almost immediately. Are these guys with dark glasses, dark car parked over the round from the compound, releasing the cat out of the boot of the car... "Good work agent, and now we..." The former Director of the CIA Technical Service said that’s an urban myth, and the actual problem with it was what? It walked off. Yes, training the cat, I’ll give you the point for that. The project was considered to be a failure and a total loss. What happened to the cat? Well, you just said it got run over. Did it have a proper military burial? No, this is the alternate story. This is what the CIA- Did it defect to work for the other side? I like that idea because clearly the Russians have better tuna. It goes through the gate, on the other side is a Russian Blue. “Welcome, Agent Tiddles.” If the Russians had better tuna... they’d be able to pick up on the frequencies transmitted by it better. Tuner, oh… Radio tuner, oh my god. Four. It’s passed the boundary. Snuck over. Yes, I’m sorry, it’s an ugly four, though, it really is, it’s off the edge. According to that CIA Director, what happened to that cat once they ended the program? Did it just go and live with other people all the time, picking up on hilarious conversations that could be made into an excellent film now I’ve just thought of it? There’s a cracking kids’ book in that. Yes. Yes, the equipment was taken out of the cat, the cat was resewn. Hang on, that’s two massive things you’ve just skipped over there. One, "the equipment was taken out of the cat" is a sentence that I’m pretty hopeful would only be heard in this room today, and, “The cat was sewn up.” Yes, it was, and lived a long and happy life afterwards. I’m going with hypothesis A somehow. I can only imagine that it actually got shipped off to Portmeirion and it’s now wearing a little blue blazer and being chased by just a normal sized balloon down a beach. It’s a slow burning ‘Prisoner’ reference there. That was a slow burn. This is getting some weird reactive wave. Anyone who’s seen ‘The Prisoner’, that landed, that was good. I’m envisioning the whole thing now. You can see the whole title sequence, can't you? Entertain yourselves, this is a good half-hour for me now. I have managed to pull up here something from the actual National Archives of the United States, a redacted document. About a cat? What did they think they could do with cats? Distractionating! While a better trained animal actually goes and does the listening. What, like a chimp with a little microphone? And a suit, and shaved. Obviously, you’ve got to blend in. In fact, just a small person. We could even use full-sized people. We could call them spies! “That’s a step too far, agent.” “Okay...!” I suppose, the only thing a cat can do is just wander in unexpected and everyone be fine with that. Yes, you’re absolutely right, trained to walk short distances. That was $20m and high-tech cat bug equipment- - To go 5 metres? - Yes. And only if they wanted to go that way anyway. Why don't you just lob it? Again, however, and I’m quoting here, “The environmental and security factors force us to conclude that, “for our purposes, it would not be practical.” “But, damn it, we tried”, basically. Have you ever had an essay where you know your conclusion is terrible? Yes. But you have to write a conclusion anyway. Yes. “The work done on this problem over the years reflects great credit “on the personnel who guided it, particularly... 'redacted', “whose energy and imagination could be models for scientific pioneers.” S***, I probably know the guy, yeah. There is a connection here to an article labelled ‘remote control animal’. What?! Is that an animal used to remote control or remote control of an animal? Remote control of an animal. Ohh… 'Cos the other way round they use pigeons for bombs. I was going to say, pigeons in bombs. The Brits did that, I think. They put a pigeon in a bomb and they trained it to peck on cities. Yes, you’re absolutely right. It pecked on a bit of glass and which bit of glass they did pulled a lever which made the bomb turn, and then it went down to the ground. It landed. Well done there, that was worth it. So, it wasn’t that? No, it wasn’t, but that’s a brilliant story. Yes, it was BF Skinner’s pigeon controlled guided bomb. How do you think that worked? What, for the pigeon it sounds pretty s*** either way, I'll be honest. What did we call this weapon, incidentally? Er, Project Pigeon. That’s a shame. Clever. Clever. I was going to go for the V-Coo. Did Churchill not like the idea? Is this one of these where you could flick a coin and on Monday he’d like it and on Tuesday he’d hate it? "Our problem was no one would take us seriously." Well, if you’re going to call it Operation Hilarious Pigeon Bomb, or whatever they called it…! There was also the Bat Bomb. They attached incendiary bombs to bats and then dropped a casing with 1000 bats on woodland. F... what?! Incendiary bomb: thus. Bat: that. Small incendiary bomb. What, like matches basically then? Firecrackers. Yes, the idea being that it was on somewhere that had a lot of tinder and kindling, and if you have hundreds of bats, one of them’s going to find the target. - That is horrific. - Yes. I like the fact that the first time they tested it they're flying over the target, the pulled the lever on the bomb bay, and the bats are just hung upside down in the bomber. And on the clipboard he just writes, “maybe try night-time” or something like that. It’s just a bloke in a white coat. “Hmm, yes.” “Bats insufficiently motivated.” It did, apparently, work. Astonishingly enough. What, dropping 1000 small incendiary bombs caused a fire? One is stunned! The bats seem incidental to this process actually, right now. They were more about distribution, where did it set fire to first? - The bat houses. - The plane. Yes, pretty much, an auxiliary airbase where they were testing it and it got away. It’s not great, have a point. “Wait a minute, it’s night-time!” “S***.” “We used homing pigeons! “And for some reason they keep coming home.” The bats incinerated the test range and roosted under a fuel tank. Fuel tank?! - Fuel tank, yes. - Whaaa! It worked. It was effective, and then computer control came in a few years later when the war ended. What, of bats? Well that’s where we started, isn’t it? This is a tangent. Can you imagine that at the start? “What caused the fire?” “Bats.” “How did the bats start a fire?” “I strapped a bomb to them.” “What happened?” “Went in the fuel tank at night.” “Oh, for God’s sake. What else have you done?” “Homing pigeons.” “Oh no, no, no, no, no.” “Salmon with warheads on.” “Oh s***, they’re going to come back aren’t they?” Are there still bats out there that have to be defused, I wonder, after the war? I don’t think bats live that long, I'll be honest with you. ‘Warning, unexploded bat.’ Did they evolve to have incendiary bombs in them? That’s... not how evolution works. Yet. Tell that to the bombardier beetle. There was also, and this is a brief and quite dark story but I’m going to go with it anyway- Oh yes, because that will change the tone of the episode. The anti-tank dog. Alright, yeah, okay. One louder, fine(!) Was it a dog that really didn’t like tanks? Well it didn’t when it hit 'em. Quite the opposite. Trained to associate the image of a tank with food, run towards it with... - Bomb on. - Yes. Spot on. What was the... Well, Spot was all over it by the end of it. “Run Spot, run...!” There was one slight problem. This was a Soviet plan, what was the problem with the plan? 'Cos they actually got to the point of releasing dogs on the battlefield. Ran towards T34s instead of Tigers. Yes, you’re absolutely right. They were trained on Soviet tanks so they ran towards the Soviet tanks. I am thick as mince, and even I can see where that’s going wrong, right? Just make a cardboard cut-out. Or a balloon, or something like that, yeah. There were some successful deployments but they eventually realised that was not a great idea. I think that may have to be where we call this- On that massive downer. Well, I was going to say, “On that bombshell,” but... At the end of the show, congratulations Matt, you win this one. Yay! Very clearly, you win this one. You win some rice, raw fish and seaweed in the shape of a luxury car. It’s a sushi Rolls Royce. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel. Bye then. To Gary Brannan. To Matt Gray. I’ve been Tom Scott, we’ll see you next time. And thank you to you. Thank you so much. Man, that got dark. Yeah...
For the first time ever, this week's guest video uses art and animation. 12tone is a channel about music theory that uses pen and paper, and piano notes, and doodles of elephants, but today they are also talking about language. 12tone: [beeps]! Hey, welcome to 12tone! Or, to put that another way: [piano notes]! Ok, that may have sounded like a nice but strange melody, but it was actually a sentence in La Langue Musicale Universelle, or the Universal Musical Language, also known as Solresol. Solresol was invented in the mid-19th century by a French musician named Jean-François Sudre, who'd become fascinated with the idea of a language made of music. His first attempt, which he called La Telephonie, was fairly straightforward: He just took the French alphabet and assigned each letter to a musical note. This wasn't really a new language, though. It was more like a code, and it found its home where most codes do: the military. Sudre tried to sell his system to the French Army and, later, the Navy, but despite early interest, they never actually paid him for it. He even built a series of properly-tuned cannons in order to increase the volume of his transmissions, but to no avail. Still, though, he wasn't about to give up on his dream. Instead, he set his sights on an even more ambitious task: A universal second language. His goal was to create a language that was bound to no particular country, one that every person learned in addition to their native tongue, allowing free communication across cultural borders. But just converting French into a musical code wasn't good enough for that. Sudre was going to have to invent a real language. To do this, he turned to a system of musical notation known as solfège. This is that Do-Re-Mi stuff Julie Andrews was singing about. Well, almost: In The Sound Of Music, the notes are Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Ti, Do, which is the English method, but most other countries in Europe use "Si" instead, and since Sudre was French, that's what he did. Anyway, having so few possible syllables presents a fairly obvious problem. In English, it's hard to even guess how many single-syllable words there are, but one estimate I found puts it at roughly 7,000. Solresol, on the other hand, has 7. These are reserved for only the most basic elements of communication, like "yes", "no", "and", and "the". Two-syllable words aren't much better: there's 49 possible combinations, used for things like pronouns, greetings, and common descriptors like "good" and "bad". They're also used for conjugation: Solresol can't fit a bunch of different words for each verb, so instead it has one verb form, the present, and then just uses a set of two-syllable words to tell you about the tense. But where things get really interesting are the larger words, which have the room to build in some structures. Three-syllable words are loosely divided into groups of 6, based on the first two notes. Words starting with Sol-Si are based on fun and games, including "run", "laugh", and "smile". Words starting with Re-La, on the other hand, are negative traits like "misanthropy", "distrust", and "intolerance". At four syllables, he takes this concept to a whole new level, breaking all the words up into seven groups, called keys, based on their first syllable. The key of Do, for instance, is all about humanity, including the body, mind, and spirit. The key of Re is for words about the household and family, Mi is for actions and flaws, Fa is for travel and war, Sol is for art and science, La is for industry, and Si is for government. There's also a second set of keys that come up when your word includes a note repeated twice in a row, although their meanings are usually related to the main key. And that's it. Sudre's language only went up to 4 syllables, with less than 3000 total words. The fifth syllable was left open for future development, in case new words were needed, but by carefully removing things like synonyms, tense, and parts of speech, which are managed exclusively through accents rather than new words, he managed to squeeze quite a lot of meaning into just those 3,000. Sadly, while Sudre's work made him famous, at least in certain circles, it never repaid him for the time and money he put into it. To quote the writer Paul Collins, "Solresol is, at heart, the philanthropic effort of an idealist – "and the Brotherhood of Mankind does not issue quarterly dividend checks." After Sudre's death, though, his wife Josephine took up the cause, and the language started to pick up steam, with thousands of speakers and a society for its preservation founded in Paris, culminating in 1902 with the publication of a guide to its grammar by the head of the society, Boleslas Gajewski. But the dream of a true universal language was fading, so preservationists focused on another of Sudre's selling points: accessibility. You see, Solresol doesn't actually have to be based on music. It's got seven characters, and can be grafted onto any set of seven items, like the seven colors of the rainbow or, more importantly, seven specific hand gestures. This meant that anyone who knew the spoken language could easily learn it as a sign language as well, making it an incredibly useful tool in communicating with deaf people. Gajewski's guide emphasized this possibility, but there was a problem: At the time, deaf education in Europe was dominated by a philosophy called oralism, which is basically the idea that deaf people should still learn to speak, and that teaching them sign languages got in the way. To be clear, this is no longer considered a reasonable approach, but for Gajewski, it meant that the language he loved was cut off from the people it could help the most. So who knows, maybe if turn-of-the-century educators in France had been a bit more forward-thinking, we'd all be speaking in notes right now. Probably not. But maybe. [piano notes] 12tone: [beeps]! Go subscribe to them for more videos like that one, I would recommend starting with their video about the Imperial March from Star Wars. Next week: the last guest video, which features a Canadian. [beeps]
In America, alcoholic drinks have to be radioactive to be legal. Sounds like rubbish, turns up on those lists of "14 Incredible Things That You'll Never Believe" that never actually have sources with them for some reason, but it's actually true. And to know why, we have to do a little bit of chemistry. The Earth is constantly being bombarded by cosmic rays, by incredibly high-energy radiation coming from space. Our atmosphere mostly protects us from them, but as a result, some weird chemistry happens. When a cosmic ray hits a nitrogen atom, the result is what's called carbon-14: a heavy and slightly unstable form of carbon. That carbon-14 is constantly being made up in the high atmosphere. And once it's made, it has a half-life of a few thousand years before it decays back into nitrogen. So at any point, a tiny proportion of the carbon in the world, about one part in a trillion, is this radioactive version. The exact amount changes depending on many things, including humanity detonating nuclear bombs, but the point is: some of the carbon in the world is radioactive. And everything that's organic and alive exchanges carbon with its environment. Plants take up nutrients from the soil; herbivores eat the plants; carnivores eat the things that eat the plants. So the carbon in every living thing, including you and me, is constantly being replaced, and a little bit of it is that radioactive carbon-14. But once an organism dies, it stops exchanging carbon with the environment. No new carbon is coming in, and no old carbon is going out. And so the tiny amount of carbon-14 in the dead thing starts to decay into nitrogen. Slowly, very slowly. But this is how carbon dating works: because we know the half-life of carbon-14 is about 6,000 years, we can take a sample of something, see that it's got half the amount of carbon-14 we'd expect from something that's now alive, and say, okay, it must have stopped exchanging carbon -- it must have died -- about 6,000 years ago. And yes, it's actually massively more complicated than that, like Nobel Prize winning more complicated than that, but this is a YouTube video and not a forensic science course, so that is close enough. Right. Hold that thought. 'Cos alcohol for drinking is distilled from plants. In the US, it legally has to be distilled from plants. But it's also possible to make alcohol from petroleum, from oil that's been drilled out of the ground. You can't sell that for consumption in the US, it's not allowed. You can only drink something made from recently-dead plants, you can't drink something from long-dead plants and, I guess, the occasional dinosaur that have been crushed underground for millions of years and turned into oil, despite the fact that alcohol from plants and alcohol from oil are chemically identical. The only difference between them is the amount of carbon-14. Distill alcohol from plants, and that carbon-14 is still in there, it'll be ever so slightly radioactive, the same as you and me and the plants it came from. Distill alcohol from oil that's been crushed underground, safe from cosmic rays for millions of years, and there's almost no carbon-14 left in it. Put it through a lab test, you'll find it's not radioactive, and therefore it must have come from oil. Alcohol, proper alcohol, has to be radioactive. Cheers. I mean, it's water. It's obviously water. This was take five, I'd be under the table by now. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. Joining me in the studio today: he reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! He gets another shot! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan — Gary Brannan! Three! Four! Nine! All of these are numbers. And the bounciest man on the internet — Matt Gray! Welcome YouTube! In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is: Today's article is: A Message From Earth. A message from Eeearth. What, like from Flash Gordon? That's how you pronounced 'Eeearth'. That's how it should be pronounced! I've got the horrible feeling that in millions of years to come, we'll work out we've been saying it wrong all this time and it should be pronounced: Eeearth. Is it anything to do with Voyager? Well... it's the same kind of thing. Is it 'Your call is important to us...'? [Laughter] 'If you are a hostile alien species, please press 2 to be reacted to with nuclear missiles.' 'Please note that Earth is only open between 9 and 5.' 'Nine to five what? I have been travelling for parsecs!' Obscure Star Wars reference! Nice. GARY: It's truth though, innit. Anyway, we've got an alien death fleet round the back that's on hold. Is it something to do with a probe we've sent out? Not particularly a probe. Is it fictional? No, it's entirely real. It's about... let's see. Can I have a punt at this? TOM: Yeah. I'll tell you it's about six light-years away right now. Oh s***, I'm wrong then. Why, what were you going for? I was going to say it's the tune that Blur did that landed on the Moon... on, erm... Beagle 2. GARY: ...on Mars with Beagle 2. It didn't land — well, it did land! GARY and MATT: It landed! It landed at high velocity! [Laughter] Downwards. I know there's a thin line between 'landing' and 'impact', but... I tell that to the wife all the time. But it's somewhere on Mars, regrettably, is a Blur CD. In many different pieces. MATT: I might have a go at the answer. TOM: Yeah, go for it. Is it about how far our earliest radio transmissions have got out to space? Not at six light-years, it's not. Just spare a thought for that. They're going to get all the crap early stuff first, aren't they? As we did. It's a bit further back from earliest messages, and it's certainly a bit too far for a probe to have got. This is a transmission? It's a transmission. [DING] And did someone just broadcast, 'Hey, is anyone listening?' Not entirely. I'll give you the point, it's a transmission... specifically one transmitted from an Earth station belonging to the Ukraine national space agency, which I can only assume has had some budget cuts recently. [Laughter] Ooo. But yes, it was transmitted on October 2008. Oh really? Hence the reason it is about six light-years away. Please tell me it is just someone tapping a microphone and going, 'Is this thing on?' Well, it sort of is. It's meant to go about twenty light-years in total. Have they found somewhere specific that they're sending it? Yes. Any ideas what that might be? An M-class planet! Ooh, you know what, you can have a point. [DING] It's not M-class, we haven't found one of those yet, but it is a good candidate for being a close thing for where there might be life. Gliese 581 c. It's what I was just going to say. Yeaaah, beaten to it again. And it's all said because they're expecting everyone there to be completely gleeful. GARY: Aww. Wouldn't that be nice? If some alien death battlefleet turned up, but it had a really nice name, it'd put you off, wouldn't it? Put you off what? Dying? No, how you would react. You know, if they were like the Third Warfleet of the K'Flaarghs, you would step back a bit. GARY: But if they were... TOM: The Gleezins. 'We are the Glee People!' 'Ah! That's nice.' 'In our world, this is bad!' I'm just thinking of militarized Powerpuff Girls right now. It will reach there in about 2029. If we hear anything back, it'll presumably be about 2050. After they've had time to work out what on earth we've sent them. Do you know what I really want the message to be? Comes back 2050 — the little printer or whatever that's there to record this for posterity... Yeah, you know, because it's that sort of thing, it's going to be a sci-fi film, it's still going to be a dot-matrix printer. Yeah. It's printing it off bit by bit, and they pick it up, they tear it off... And they hold it up, and it just says, "WHAT?" That would be an entirely perfect response for this. Because 501 messages were actually included. How did they pick which ones to send? Well, the one we sent had a rickroll in it. Oh. You know what... I was just going to say, YouTube views. I'm going to give Gary the point... Oh shut up! Because it was the internet. [DING] We sent them the internet? No, we sent them 501 messages selected by popular vote from the internet. Porn, porn, porn, kittens, 'Good afternoon Sir/Madam, I have a fantastic opportunity for you.' Not at random. There was a public vote, so I can only assume... ...it was fixed by 4chan and Reddit. Yeah. Not 4chan, not Reddit... Which social network did they use to put the time capsule together? Oh, please not Twitter. Google+. There was one vote in total. Not quite, but you're close. MATT: Orkut. Oh... not quite that obscure. Tinder. Tinder wasn't around then. Tinder: 'No... No... No... No...' Then a picture of a lizard comes up. 'Swipe left...' You know how Tinder works? CHRIS: That's very interesting! GARY: Everyone knows how...! That's a point... You're married, Brannan. How do I know how Tinder works? I live in the same world you do and I read newspapers. TOM: Yes, that's fair. MATT: I don't know how Tinder works. I don't know how Tinder works! Just aware, boys. I've not used it. This is one of these things where you try and defend yourself and it just sounds worse, doesn't it. ALL: Yep. CHRIS: Stop digging, old boy. Anyway, yes. What did we use? Bebo. Whoa! I have never even heard of this thing. Does someone want to explain Bebo to Chris? Hard, really, but... You know MySpace? Faintly, yeah. It's what the people that were younger than us used when MySpace wasn't cool enough. But it's worse. Okay. I'm trying to think who the popular boy band of the day would be. Because we're just sending all that, aren't we. I can tell you, because they were involved in the project. Oh s***. Jonas Brothers or One Direction? MATT: No, that was a bit before. TOM: No, no. You're too early for that. What date are we saying again? TOM: 2008. GARY: 8? Oh God, I've no idea. I'll tell you, they're still going. British or elsewhere? British. It was Bebo. Bebo's a British network. McFly. GARY: Ohhh. MATT: Really! McFly were involved. Along with Deborah Meaden from Dragons' Den... Off of Dragons' Den. And Gillian Anderson off of The X-Files. Because presumably... Space! We are sending mixed messages here, people. We have this much publicity budget... this is who we can get. Ha! That's what came first is the money, isn't it. Who would we put up front now? I mean, Hawking obviously... Yeah, if we need an ambassador... ungh! Brian f***ing Cox. Oh no... I'd hope they The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt the angry ones, just because they'd fire at him first. What's the dislike for Brian Cox? It's not a dislike, it's just the use of him for anything scientific. CHRIS: That's true, yeah. TOM: That's fair. I'm being controversial, I'm putting Noel Edmonds up there. What! Why? Consistent master of ceremonies. He can anchor any show, no matter what's going wrong. In the old days, I'd have stuck Monkhouse in. Did you ever *hear* of Noel's HQ? Yeah... this is true. The man believes in cosmic ordering. I'm not putting him out as ambassador for Earth. You're making some good points here, yeah... I was thinking from the consistent broadcasting point of view, that if anything went wrong, he'd probably be able to keep a show going. Oh no, if you're doing that — Davina McCall. Ohhh. Davina McCall can hold a show down, no matter what's going wrong around her. You're forgetting something here. This isn't television, this is meeting an alien death fleet. TOM: Ah. Fair. I'm assuming telly's going to be there. Oh! Then Morgan Freeman, obviously. Ahh! Well yeah, of course. There's one for the Americans to know what we're talking about. You've heard of Morgan Freeman. Morgan Freeman. We're sending him and Stephen Hawking in. TOM: Yeah. CHRIS: Yeah, all right. [Laughter] It's sending God and science, isn't it? Yeah! That's all it is... we've got both bases covered! Alien death fleet's going to negotiate with them! Morgan Freeman could come up with some kind of homespun philosophy when things are getting quite tense. Please invade. Take me away from all this. [Laughter] Anyway, the Message From Earth has got the McFlies on it? Yes, it has, erm... The McFlies! As I believe they're called. Oh dear. We've got the McFlies. 501 messages included. One was chosen to illustrate evil. 'This is a party political broadcast by the Conservative Party.' Oh, you know what — you are so close. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt off! 2008, who would you pick to be the epitome of evil? GARY: Oh! Dubya! TOM: Dubya. [DING] Nooo! [Laughter] So it's now out of date even though it's within... It is entirely out of date, despite the fact it is currently about... About a third of the way to a planet about twenty light-years away. 'We have come to rid of your great evil, Dubya Bush.' Yep. I've just thought. The best thing is, when the response comes back, no one's going to know what they're responding to, because everyone will have forgotten it happened. One message says that the best thing about Earth is George Sampson. Who no one will remember even in Britain... Oh hang on, let me have a go... CHRIS: I remember the name... MATT: I know that name. George Sampson. Was he on... a talent show? He was on Britain's Got Talent. He was the kid dancer. He was a dancer, wasn't he? Yeah. That message is going through interstellar space right now, aimed at a planet. D'you know, all that philosophy and engineering and writing and discovery... Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt it. Dancing eight-year-old. Yeah. But the best thing is, he was probably cool with that, because he knows if a message comes back in the affirmative, saying, 'Tell us more of these George Sampsons!' He's like: 'Career's back.' TOM: Yeah, that's true. It's better than what I thought you said. I thought you said Daz Sampson. Ohhh. Ooo. Oooo. That's a reference that Americans shouldn't Google. Don't. Do. Depends what you like, really. Yeah. I'm certainly not going to. I don't know what they're on about. I mean... this is blatantly a publicity stunt. What we have essentially done is spammed a planet twenty light-years away with an ad for Bebo. We haven't spammed a planet. We have spammed an entire section of space. A swath of space that the radio... You can't pinpoint this s***. No, you can't. Even a laser beam pointed at a planet would be so wide... Oh yeah. Vast diffusion by the time you... yeah. What if — can you imagine the opposite? That we receive a message that we can't decode or understand, because it's come from the depths of space. We would go absolutely apes*** for something like that. We would. They're going to be doing something similar, you know, and we get it... Finally, whatever-the-race-is finally lands and goes, 'Ah, yes. He won one of our talent shows seventy years ago.' [Laughter] I mean, we'd treat it as... Imagine if some alien culture sent a similar message to us. We couldn't decode it. We would have our best cryptographers trying to work out... We really would! We'd be trying to point out, It's directions, or it's scientific information or something. And all we've done is sent bloody McFly's friggin' shoe size. Not their shoe size... Does anyone want to say what they were...? Greatest fears and times they were out of the house. Did it list the five colours of her hair? It was in praise of someone else. Another woman. Oh, that song about the teacher? No... that was Busted. They sent a message in praise of Cheryl Cole. F***. In praise of a woman who punched a toilet attendant. Yup. The transmission took four and a half hours, by the way. We used a radio telescope, one of the greatest scientific achievements in the world, for four and a half hours, to send this thing. Yeah, again... planet in the distance is sending a message: 'We shall do this! We have locked onto a signal!' 'Transmit the message!' I can see him there in his big cape and everything, in his gigantic space palace... Yeah. Again, you're on Ming the Merciless here. Well, everyone in space looks like that. That's been well established. Obviously, yeah. 'Transmit the message!' Doot... doot... coming up 'Engaged'. There is another message about a year after it, sent by a completely different group. They targeted this message at literally the same solar system. 'Please delete your voice mails, don't listen to any more, just delete it!' Essentially, yes. Was it UKIP? Oh, God! Nigel Farage in space... 'No, no. Let me speak!' [Laughter] Just without a suit. Just Nigel Farage in space. No spacesuit, no nothing... I've got him in a tweed spacesuit... Oh God, the UKIP Space Agency... He's got a special kind of space agency-designed glass that's still got a pint in that he can still suck in. And a hole for a fag. And this one was 2.8 megabytes of messages, which they just accepted everything sent in to their website. GARY: Uh-oh... MATT: Text? Text, yes. Have we just intergalactically potentially sexted? Ooo. Ooh, I don't know. 'What do they mean, what am I wearing?' [Laughter] 'The same thing I always wear! A cape!' 'A giant cape! And a long, swishy set of gloves! 'And a very neatly trimmed beard!' TOM: What I love is that the... the... CHRIS: 'I am Ming the Merciless!' GARY: 'And my hands are wet!' 'Why does no one have a towel on Mongo?!' MATT: 'This one is wet...' GARY: 'This one is wet.' Other messages, then. We have loads of them. It turns out, having looked through the wider articles, there are quite a lot of messages we've sent to various places over the years. One of the earliest messages that went out was the Teen Age Message, which was from Russia in 2001. It included a live performance of music. And they just plugged the instrument effectively straight into the radio telescope. What instrument did they plug in that could send coherent sound? Melodion. A zither. Theremin. TOM: Yes! [DING] GARY: Nooo! And in fact... Can you get a more mysterious space music than that? Making space noises into space. [Theremin sounds] Wooooo... Yep. First theremin concert for extraterrestrials. Can we just end it on 'first theremin concert'? 'Man Found To Own Theremin.' I got to play a theremin a little while ago. It's really difficult! Bloody difficult, yeah. Even if you forget the whole volume thing, the trying to find a note is just... Why a theremin? Well, it just f***ing sounds like space, doesn't it? GARY: Yeah! It's a constant sine wave. Like, it sounds like a coherent message, rather than noise... Again, someone outside the Earth is doing this to us, and we're trying to decode it here... 'What could this mysterious message mean?' Not realizing it's f***in'... Woooo... 'Oh God, Doctor Who's coming.' It's the opening bars to, I don't know, McFly, played on a friggin' theremin. They actually did go for Russian folk songs and classical music there, so... Have we Trololo-led the universe on a theremin? Yes we have. Yep. ['Trololo' melody] Woo-oo-oo-oo-oo... woo-oo-oo... So you know all those arguments about how we shouldn't send signals out there, in case a hostile civilisation detects us... Yeah. Yeah, too late. Bebo got there first. Oh, bollocks. Well, hopefully they'll just pass us by, based on what we've sent out. 'They are not worth the trouble! They cannot dry my flappy gloves!' [Laughter] 'And our lack of towels!' There is one other thing — one other message, sent in 2012, that I want to talk about... which was three transmissions to three stars in a very specific bit of space. 'Oh, he said you...' [Laughter] 'You and you, fight!' Yeah. No... which was a reply. What was it a reply to? Is it one of these mysterious sort of 'thunks' that comes from space or... Yep. [DING] Have a point. Anyone remember the name of it? The really big signal... 'Wow!' [DING] Point. The 'Wow!' signal. The guy circled it in red pen and put 'Wow!' next to it, and that's it. Yeah. It matches the expected signature of an interstellar signal perfectly. Never been seen again. Could have been a freak event. Did they decode it to 'Air Hostess' by McFly? Again — Busted. But we'll let you have it. McFly / Busted. Yeah. What we need is a loud noise that goes into space, that's recognizable... That just picks up that 'Wow!' spike... So I am up for sticking Brian Blessed on top of Everest, with an alphorn. Yep. Okay, good. Why are we not just sending big old spikes of solid pitch? Because if they're looking in the same way we are, and all they're getting is a spike... What we need to send is: ['Shave and a haircut' rhythm] Boop boop-boop boop boop... Yes! Absolutely! That has got to be universal — yeah, absolutely. That is universal! If nothing else, the 'shave and a haircut' knock up there... 'Shave and a haircut — shave and a haircut — shave and a haircut —' 'Bomp bomp.' 'Bomp bomp!' 'Holy f***!' Both ends simultaneously realize we've been working together, it's the grounds for peace, it's fine... everybody sits down, watches Roger Rabbit, hates Christopher Lloyd's character, it's fine. Galactic peace. That's it. We've solved the world's problems. That's it. Intergalactic peace is inevitable. Right! Curry then, chaps. Yep! We're all done. At the end of that show, congratulations Chris, you win this one. You win a year's supply of AA batteries, courtesy of He-Man's new company. The Power of Grayskull. Cool! Best one yet. Thank you very much to Chris Joel! Winning! TOM: To Gary Brannan... GARY: Felicitations. TOM: To Matt Gray... MATT: Bye-bye. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time. What, has Ming the Merciless got designs on Scarborough as well? Some hot hail would tidy the place right up. ALL: Oooo. GARY: That sounds highbrow and commemorative. As opposed to lowbrow and commemorative. Lowbrow commemoration! 'Dave's dead!' [Laughter] 'Back down t' pit!' 'We're commemorating this with a giant brass arse!' Is this something like Fish-Slapping Dance? ALL: Ohh... With a side o' bacon... Bacon beating! Brannan, if you'd care to mime with me... Go on. Comme ça?
It was, this is... [hums 'Pop Goes The Weasel'] That's actually better! Digital versus analogue. - Digit! Digit! - Sounds better on vinyl. Digital! It's f***ing clever comedy! Radio 4, commission us now. Where are you, you b******s? I listen at 6:30, I know what goes out!
These standing stones are enormous and made of solid granite. When you're near them, they are genuinely impressive and imposing, the sort of thing that makes you wonder how ancient people ever managed to raise them up, and to place them so precisely that they act as an astronomical calendar. These particular stones don't make you wonder that, though. Because these are the Georgia Guidestones, in the USA, and they were put up in 1980 by modern people with modern equipment. They are not a theme park fiberglass replica, though, they're more than a hundred tons of rock and they are built to last. Inscribed on them in eight languages are what seem to be rules for a future post-apocalyptic civilisation, the sort of thing that maybe seemed like a reasonable way to send a message to the far distant future in an era when the Cold War was looking dicey and Ronald Reagan's finger was very close to the nuclear button. The person or people who paid for these stones stayed anonymous, so no-one knows if they were actually intending to troll conspiracy theorists. Maybe they really were just hoping to create a modern Stonehenge, something that could be taken as a set of principles for the world's population to follow as we recovered after an apocalypse. This might seem like a reasonable purchase, even altruistic from a certain perspective, if you're the sort of person who writes a story in your head that says, yes, I'll be dead in a nuclear fireball, but if civilization survives, perhaps someone will come across these, perhaps some language will have survived, perhaps I will have influenced the entire path of a civilization to come. It'd take a lot of money and a lot of ego, but then, it was America in the 1980s, so perhaps we should just be surprised that there aren't more stones like this all over the place. Imagine a dozen different monuments, all with different rules, and all being followed by a different group of survivors. I don't normally speculate like this in videos, but these stones inspire some pretty good stories. And some pretty bad ones, too. Because like I said, if you wanted to inflame conspiracy theorists? Building a modern Stongehenge, that acts as an astronomical calendar, with ten commandments inscribed upon it, one of which says that you should "guide reproduction wisely", and another says that it'd be a really good idea to have a world population under 10% of what it currently is, and doing all that while hiding your identity? Yes, I can see why that might make people with a slightly tenuous grasp on reality a bit angry. All the best secret societies, after all, do put up giant monuments advertising their goals for the world. Maybe someday we will know the real reasons behind these stones: but until then there's a rule of thumb called Occam's Razor. The simplest solution tends to be the correct one. And a rich person who saw Stonehenge and thought "I want one of those" is a pretty simple solution. ♪ [a faint recording of the US Marine Band playing "Nearer, My God, To Thee"] ♪
This is an Ogham stone, or "ogg-em" stone, depending on whose pronunciation you follow. The carvings on here are from an alphabet unlike anything else in the world, an alphabet that is literally an exception to modern rules. I’m not talking about the Roman letters on the face: I’m talking about the markings carved into the corner. Those markings are in Ogham -- it’s a way of writing down the early Irish language with marks like these. There are only about 400 surviving stones like this, found in Ireland and the western parts of the UK. This particular one is about 1500 years old, and it comes from Devon in the south west of England. It’s on display here at the British Museum. The inscription is a name. Ogham stones are mostly used to record names, either as a tombstone or as a marker of land ownership. You read this along the stemline, along the corner. Each character is made of one to five markings, which will all be on one side of the line, the other side of the line, through the line, or on the line. When modern scholars started to analyse this script, they wanted to write it down on paper, and they adapted it a little to make it easier for them: they changed it so it always went left to right, and each phrase was drawn on a horizontal line so you could easily tell which marks were on which side. Some Ogham inscriptions, on later stones or on other artefacts, do actually carve their own stemline into a flat surface, so adding that line in print wasn't too much of a stretch. And after all, trying to fold a bit of paper and sketch markings on the corner wouldn't be easy to work with for academic papers. And that left us, years later, with an interesting technology problem. When it came time to encode Ogham characters as 1s and 0s, to fold them into Unicode, the international standard for how to display text on a computer: Ogham became the only language in Unicode where a space is not a space. A space character, to a computer, has three properties: it has a certain width, you don't display or print anything in that width, and if your text has run out of room on a line, you can go back to the previous space character and replace it with a line break. Now, there have been well-understood variations on those for years. Two of those rules are flouted all the time. You can have a non-breaking space, like the one between a word and a French quotation mark. That space has width, it has nothing displayed in it, but you can't put a line break there. The word and punctuation must travel together. You can also have a zero-width space, which sounds like a ridiculous idea, but it's a good way to tell a computer that, if there isn't room, it's OK to break a long string of characters somewhere that it otherwise wouldn't. These are all commonly used. But until Ogham was added to Unicode, the rule that a space character must be empty had never been broken. Why would it? It's a space. Well, an Ogham space includes that stemline. The line doesn’t stop between words, because the corner doesn’t stop between words. The space is not a space... but it behaves like one. It can be replaced with a line break. If you spread an Ogham inscription over two lines, the space character vanishes, same as in English. Now, Ogham isn't the only language that uses a separator like this. Ancient Latin used an interpunct, a middle dot, the same way. But in modern usage that is not a space, and modern usage wins. Ogham is the only case where modern folks have gone, yeah, okay, it's a space that also involves drawing something. It's a space that isn't a space. There's been an actual argument about it, down in one of the mailing lists for linguists and computer science nerds at the Unicode Consortium. The Irish contingent had some very strong opinions. And the final ruling: yep. It's a space that's also a line. This is one of the things I love about linguistics: an ancient script, carved into stones more than a millennium ago, is an exception to a rule that I never even realised was there. A space doesn’t have to be a space.
I'm at the Eureka weather station in Nunavut, in the Canadian High Arctic, about 80 degrees north. Here they provide weather reports not just for the Arctic, but for the transatlantic flights high above it. Because we're in Nunavut, there are three official languages here: English, French, and the local language: Inuktitut. Although it’s difficult to be exact about languages in the Arctic: the line between dialects and languages gets blurred, people in different areas can understand some of people say. Like most languages here, Inuktitut is polysynthetic, which means that something that needs a whole sentence in English can just be one long word, with each part affecting all the others. Now, in Greenland, similar languages are written using the Latin alphabet, but the words can seem unwieldy to English-speakers. The Latin alphabet is a writing system that evolved for a completely different language, one with lots of short words and spaces. But there is an alternative, it's used all round northern Canada, and to my eyes, it’s really cool. A bit of history: the reason this writing system exists is because it was invented by Christian missionaries who were trying to spread the gospel. The first books printed in Inuktitut were extracts from the Bible. I’ve put some links in the description to provide some context there, but: there’s no way I can cover that in a short video that’s mostly about linguistics. First up: this is not an alphabet. In an alphabet, vowels and consonants both have letters, which makes sense when you’ve speaking a language with a lot of complicated combinations of sounds in it. But Inuktitut, like a lot of polysynthetic languages, has a relatively simple syllable structure: with rare exceptions, the maximum you can have in a syllable is a consonant, some vowels, and then another consonant. That is it, that is all your options. A long, English one-syllable word like “scratched” wouldn’t work here: you need to put vowels in those consonant clusters. You need se-ce-ra-te-ched. Long vowels being written with two letters, that's also added to the long words, so the Latin alphabet gets a bit overwhelmed. But the Inuktitut script is not an alphabet. It is an abugida. Each symbol represents both a consonant and a vowel. The shape of the symbol tells you the consonant, and here is the clever part: the direction it's pointing tells you the vowel. And if it’s got a dot above it, it’s a long vowel, like aa instead of a. I’m not going to get the vowels exactly right, I’m English. And if there’s a little symbol, up afterwards, you add another consonant at the end. So my name, Tom, would be like this: the curve shape means T, it's pointing to the right, which means “u”, the closest you can get to an o here, and the right angle at the end means a closing M. Tum. If your accent's different, you might transcribe it a little differently, you might flip the curve the other way. Tam. And if you're American, you'd add a little dot there for a long vowel. Taam. So here is a simple word in Inuktitut: anaana. Mother. Like almost every language in the world, the word for mom is a sound that a baby will make accidentally. Sorry parents, it was probably an accident. A triangle means no consonant, and pointed left always means a simple “a”. Next, that shape means “n”, pointing left means “a”, and the dot means long. “naa”. Then the same again, without the dot. “na”. Annana. The word for father is ataata. Swap those spools out for the curve, the T from Tom, and there you go. Ataata. And yes, of course it’s more complicated than this, I’m literally speaking baby talk, but compare this to the Latin alphabet where there's just arbitrary symbols that you have to learn. There’s design here. There's intent. There isn't complicated letters with unwritten rules that all influence each other. This is an easy script to learn, and for an endangered language with only about 30,000 fluent speakers? That is a really good attribute to have. I'm here thanks to Chris Hadfield's Generator Arctic, and so are these two! -- I'm Norm from Tested. -- And I'm Joey from Tested. -- And we're here shooting a bunch of educational videos as well. You can find those at youtube.com/testedcom Links are in the description or on screen now!
In June 2015, I went to Sheffield, and I saw a paternoster lift, an obsolete design of elevator with a looping chain of open cabs. In June 2016, I travelled to Genoa in Italy, and I saw an elevator that also moved sideways. Except, spoiler, it's a bit of a cheat, it's actually a little horizontal car that moves inside a bigger elevator that does the heavy lifting. And now, it is June 2017. And I'm in Germany, at the brand-new Thyssenkrupp Elevator Test Tower, and they have flown me out here to show off Multi: their actual, full-size, working elevator that moves sideways without cheating. For us, it was very important to have a tower to test the new technology. We don't want to test it at the customers' site. The tower is 246m high, and this means 1,700 steps. I know that exactly, because I walked up once! This is a building made almost entirely of elevator shafts. Some of them test regular lifts, but some of them are reserved for this new system. The principle of having a continuous rotating flow of cars was one of the best inventions in our industry ever. And to achieve this, we have to exchange cabins from one shaft to another. And to have this exchange, we need an exchanger, which you see just behind me. And this exchanger allows us to go into horizontal movement. The exchanger can be placed at every point in the shaft so it allows us to do all kinds of configurations. Coming down vertically, and then going into the horizontal movement. One of the problems with elevators in really tall buildings is that you need a cable so long that it can't support its own weight, let alone the weight of the cab that's then connected to it. The solution here is a bit different, and it doesn't use cables at all. It uses linear induction motors. Linear drive - it's also a synchronous motor with permanent magnets. And you maybe know it from a rotating motor. If we just take this motor and cut it on one side and just lay it on a table flat, then you already have a linear drive. And this is what we have, vertical and also horizontal. In a regular elevator, it's called a traction elevator, you've got cables holding the cab, any one of which can hold more than the design weight. Also, you've got emergency brakes which will pop out and slow the car down with friction if it's moving too fast. And, absolute worst case, even if all that somehow fails, you have a buffer at the bottom that should reduce a freefall drop from "fatal" to just "severe injuries"(!) Elevators are incredibly safe because they're incredibly well-regulated. So before this is allowed to carry humans, this system needs to be at least as failsafe. The safety is not just in the ropes of a conventional elevator but in the brake system. In conventional elevators, you have the brake on the machine on top of the shaft in the machine room now we have the brake directly on the cars. This new component, the exchanger, where we go from vertical into horizontal movement, also needs to be checked by our safety controller. What is the position of the exchanger? Is it locked? Is it safe? And in case of any violation of a safety rule, then we go to a 'safe state'. There are, of course, some catches. Linear induction motors are expensive and heavy. Each one of the cabs needs to have its own set. And the whole elevator shaft, from top to bottom, needs to be lined with the magnetic coil units that power them. To save weight, these cabs are made of carbon fibre and aluminium. So will it work out in the real world? Thyssenkrupp's models say it will, but everything's been tested and approved here, the next step is to sell it. To the kind of enormous multinational companies who build skyscrapers and who do not like risk. And that might be a greater challenge than making the elevators in the first place. Thank you very much to all the team at Thyssenkrupp who've invited me over here. You can pull down the description for more about Multi.
That is the Angel of the North - Antony Gormley's incredible sculpture that stands as one of the icons of modern Britain. But angels aren't all like that - at least not in Christian philosophy. Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite - and I'm probably mispronouncing that, and no, that wasn't the name he went by then - was a Christian writer in the fifth and sixth centuries and he, along with Thomas Aquinas, settled on the modern Christian hierarchy of angels. And my word - if you wanted terrifying creatures you need look no further than angels because yes, the ones in the lower orders, they look vaguely humanoid, as the term would be now: but up at the top you have the cherubim. And they're not cherubs in the sense of angelic little children with serene expressions, no. They have four heads - a man, a lion, an eagle and an ox. And then you have the thrones - they don't look like that gorgeous thing they look like a wheel within a wheel, covered in eyes. Seriously, if you wanted terrifying creatures from science fiction, it turns out that you can just go and look at some angels. This angel on the other hand is a lot prettier, a lot nicer, and frankly, even though I'm not religious, this is a greater testament to God's work than any wheel, within a wheel with eyes on it. From the Angel of the North, that is something you might not have known. One more thing before I go - thank you very much to everyone who replied to my call for help a couple of days ago I got an order of magnitude more answers than I thought I would You're all amazing, thank you so much and I'm sorry if I didn't get to your comment - I did the best I could. Oh and one more thing - if you want a bonus fact There's as much of that angel below the ground as there is above. 20 meters or so down to the bedrock. Otherwise? Well, the wind might just make it fly away. [Subtitles by Paul Pollard. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm in Weldon Spring, near St Louis, Missouri, USA, and in the 1950s and 60s, this strange, grey, wind-blasted hill wasn't here: instead, there was a uranium processing factory. And conditions for the workers back then were shocking by today's standards. It wasn't quite the 1940s, you can find testimony from back then of workers hand-scooping uranium ore, but there are tales of spilled radioactive powder, of overflowing disposal pits, and of strange-looking frogs. And I am not making that up. When the factory here was running, it was known as "The Clean One". And, well, it wasn't. The plant here closed in 1966, as the most contaminated site in the area: PCBs, mercury, asbestos, and radioactive waste. In the 1980s, the Environmental Protection Agency declared Weldon Spring a Superfund Site, meaning it would finally be cleaned up. And the result is this: a seven-storey high nuclear waste dump, the permanent disposal cell, containing more than a million cubic metres of toxic waste, and hopefully keeping the local residents safe for the next 1,000 years or so. And that was going to be pretty much all of the video. If you search this place online, that's as far as a lot of articles go. Except. Then I did a bit more research. And I found out about Coldwater Creek, a few miles away, where radioactive waste from the Manhattan Project, the project that built the first nuclear bombs, the waste was just dumped there in the 1940s, with the government's approval. That waste eventually flowed, decades later, into people's backyards after flooding. That was in 2015. Then there's the West Lake Landfill, on the other side of St Louis, where an underground trash fire has been burning very close to another radioactive waste site for seven years. Now, the risk is apparently minor. No-one is about to find a glowing barrel in their backyard. But radiation hazards are invisible and terrifying: local residents are concerned about clusters of cancer diagnoses, about infant mortality caused by contaminated groundwater. There are wells for drinking water only a mile away. The state department of health investigated and their results set no-one's mind at ease. There are so many confounding factors that the facts are, well, somewhere between confusing and unknown, and people are scared. This site is a legacy of a time when the people in charge didn't know, or didn't care, about the risks of radioactive contamination. But this isn't a monument to how we've fixed their mistakes: it's a reminder that we're still fixing them, and that we'll still need to for centuries or millennia to come.
Now, the question I have to try and think of the answer of is did they have too much or too little? Ah! "Aargh! So much butter!" -I'm going for too much butter. -Butterlanche! -Butterlanche. -Butterlanche! Right, is that an arse avalanche or a butter avalanche? Beneath the butter, loads of butts. Well, considering I heard 'the Norwegian buttock crisis' the first time out... -Oh! -Then again, too many or too few? -"Altogether too..." -And do you get an extra hole or do they bifurcate around a central orifice, or...? "Oh, there are too many arses." What accent was that? Because that wasn't Norwegian, Gary. You can't use WD40 on it. No, you can't, that's a penetrating fluid. -Oh, it is. -Oh, Jesus. Sorry, it's a real bugbear, WD40, not a lubricant. (Penetrating fluid...) -It’s a water displacement. -Yeah. Are you okay there, Gary? Have you just heard the words 'penetrating fluid'? Yeah, okay, good. -Give him a minute. -I can't go to Halfords again. Every cloud has a silver lining. A buttery lining. A salty, buttery middle. Oh, imagine the rain. "It's raining ghee." Hallelujah. It's raining... So is it all stuff that people either can't be arsed to make any more, or they've decided it's not good for you and it's gone out of fashion kind of stuff, and then everyone's forgotten about it? Yeah, pretty much, it may not be forgotten about but it could be. Or rules have presented it being done like unpasteurised milk, that kind of thing. Ooh, yes, so just in terms of categories. Can we just clear this one? 'I said, you want it pasteurised, she said'...? 'I'll be happy if it comes up to my chest.' Thank you. I thought I'd leave you with that one. It's not funny, if you don't set up the whole bath of milk thing beforehand. Oh, milk, oh, right. Yeah. You see, you've done this once before, Gary. I know, I know. If you're going tell a joke… -You have to tell people the joke. -Yes. I'll write that down. Hey! Wait, I've got one of those. Oh!
I'm in Gävle, a city in Sweden, about a hundred miles north of Stockholm. And every year, they have a Christmas tradition: build an enormous goat out of straw and put it in the town square. It's called the Gävle Goat. There is a second Christmas tradition in Gävle. Burning the goat down. It's not like Guy Fawkes' Night in Britain, or Burning Man in California, where something is built to be burned down. Burning this down is arson, it is completely illegal, and genuinely, the people who make the giant straw goat do not want their giant straw goat to be burned down. Giant straw goats are expensive. It's just that in the fifty years that a ten-metre-high, mostly-unprotected goat made of extremely flammable straw has been put up here, the goat has only survived twelve times. Usually, it's burned down. In 1976, it was hit by a car. In 1979, it was burned down before it even made it here. In 1988, you could place a bet on whether the goat would burn down. Or at least you could, until the goat burned down. In 2001, an American tourist burned it down, and when he was arrested he said his friends had told him that burning the goat was an entirely legal tradition. He got a couple of weeks in jail, didn't get his cigarette lighter back, and left Sweden without paying a large fine. In 2005, vandals dressed as Santa Claus and gingerbread men fired a burning arrow at the goat and burned it down. In 2006, the city fireproofed the goat. It burned down. In 2009, there were webcams set up to spot vandals. Those cameras were taken offline with a denial of service attack just before the goat burned down. In 2011, they sprayed the goat with water to form a protective coat of ice. It burned down. It is massive and it is made of tinder, it is really, really easy to burn down this goat. Now, the local fire brigade are only two minutes away, and sometimes they win. In 2014, despite three arson attempts, the goat did survive. And now, it's 2016, the goat was put up just a few days ago, and as I record this, it's still there. All it takes to create a tradition like this is the same thing happening for a few years in a row. This goat wouldn't be famous if it didn't burn down. I wouldn't be here. This would just be a small local display. But every year, someone takes the risk of a fine and criminal record and time in jail to try and burn down someone else's hard work, probably because they're drunk when they do it. And that strange, in-the-shadows, battle, that almost sitcom-like plot, gets the world interested, and sends a few tourists to a fairly obscure Swedish city. Place your bets. Quick update: I'm back in London, just landed at Heathrow airport, literally just a few hours after filming that. The goat has already been burned to the ground.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we’re playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it’s Chris Joel. Hello! Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. It-- And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Bienvenue, YouTube! Ah, très bien! In front of me I’ve got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding, and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about Atomic Annie. Oh! Is it a terrible way to teach people how to do resuscitation? “Now children, after the bombs fall, “you may find that the person you’re resuscitating has bad breath.” Am I guessing it’s not an Atomic Ruj… res…? Put your teeth in, try it one more time. Resusci Anne. No, it’s not. Who is a real person. - What? - Who is? Resusci Anne. You know the thing you use when you’re doing resuscitation practice, the face. Oh, so you can walk down the street, “oh, I recognise you from… oh.”. Well. Let us cast our minds back to 18th, no, I think it must be 19th Century Paris. Or early 20th Century Paris, whatever… Pick a decade, any decade! Who noticed she had that weird click when you pressed her chest, and what were they doing? You know she was a dead body pulled out the Seine, right? No, no! Yeah, the Resusci Annie is based on an unidentified corpse that was pulled out of the Seine and they cast the face. This is where it gets grim, the person who did the autopsy… something like the… Yeah, because before that it was bucket of f***ing laughs! No, this is just a Thursday night in Paris so far. They pulled the body out and whoever was doing the autopsy thought she was so beautiful, they made a cast of her face and that is the face that is used on the Resusci Anne dolls. I’m not giving you any points because it’s not even remotely related to the subject, but you are entirely right. By a process of elimination we know what it isn’t, though, eh, Sherlock? It’s like someone came along and went, “Now that’s a fit corpse.” Yeah! No. No. My God, when you put it that way, yes, yes… It again raises the question of the clicking noise. You are absolutely right. A young woman whose death mask because a fixture on the walls of artist’s homes. Urgh. Yeah. Don’t do that. Is it in the testing sites? Is it the fridge that Indiana Jones went in? No, that’s Atomic Smeg which raises more questions, yet again. It is certainly military hardware, but you’re not close enough to get a point here. Is it when they tried to power a plane with a nuclear reactor in the 50s? Ooh, no. Damn it! - Oh s***! Really? - What was that, I haven’t got…? It was when atomic power was The Way of The Future and Would Harm No One! Erm, did you not see what we just did, guys? Anyway, they were building nuclear reactors down to, I presume, like the size of this stage and they put in a, well, it must have been a B29, because it was a prop… It was a B36 according to this. I’m sorry, it must have been a B36. Cut that. Anyway, they made a nuclear powered aeroplane, and I don’t think it worked ’cos they’ve stopped doing it. Ain’t that an episode of Thunderbirds? They never actually connected the engines to the propeller. Now that’s where they went wrong. That would be why it didn’t work! That would be why it didn’t work, I’m not a scientist, but I-- “I've turned both bits on, it’s not going anywhere!” Some dude stood in the middle of the plane going, “Huh, huh?” Have a go… “Oh no, metric and imperial!” If there’s one thing that too much science fiction has taught me, it's that going like that immediately results in a load of sparks and you’re going, “Argh”! Yes, but it might have taken off! Yes, but you’re fine after it! You’ve saved something. No. We've not got off the blocks! This is the longest we’ve ever been stuck with nowhere. Is it a Blondie album? Oh f***. It’s an atomic something and it’s ground-based ordinance here. Cannon! Point. You are absolutely right. Ground-based ordinance. Cannon… Trebuchet… Atomic trebuchet! Bloody hell, you could! Are you firing atomic things, or is this just a massive atomic powered structure? It’s an atomic powered thing that fires… Atomic Kitten. That would go for… miles? I don’t know. But only when the tide is high. Atomic Kitten songs… ’Cos if you’re going to fire at it something, it’ll make a hole again. And cause an eternal flame. Chris, Chris, it’s okay, it’s okay. It's Okay is another... Atomic... I can’t believe that’s the third time I’ve done the walk out. So the atomic cannon, then? Yes, an atomic cannon developed about when? 50s. Tuesday! Wednesday, in the 50s. Yes, have a point, early 1950s, I’m giving Matt the point there. At the beginning of the Cold War. Well, of course it was 50s if it was atomic. They developed for three years, the idea being to make a cannon that would fire a small nuclear device. That’s ballsy. How did they get it around? Train! How big was this thing? Very. Train. Very. Ding. Quicker… Correction. Two trains! Bigger! I’m giving you a point for big, and I’m giving you a point for two. It was two tractors, but it required two extra-long fire trucks to move the thing. - Okay. - Ooh. It is an 84 tonne gun. Did it need to be that big? Yes! If you’re firing atomic weapons, you want it far enough away that the blast wave doesn’t get you, which means it needs to be a-big, as previously mentioned. Yes, you are absolutely right. What was its effective firing range? Far! Somewhere in three digits of miles. Price is Right rules! Six. Miles? I haven’t specified a unit. I will say 200 miles, Price is Right, go… Six miles. A furlong. That’s not very far. It might have been a failure, it came out the top and just went “plunk”. Which is not great for an atomic device, but no, about 20 miles, so have a point. And they did actually fire this. Where did they fire this? In the desert. I’ll give you a point for the desert, the Nevada test site. Yes, that one that you can still go to, weirdly, on a day trip. It’s a bit far. They do… Not from here, unless you’re going by nuclear cannon, obviously. Did Bach ever write an atomic canon? Did what? Oh, for God’s sake. That’s a hell of an organ. That’s right, it’s the classical music gags, everybody! The test was successful, they made 20 of the cannons. They cost... What, 20? What were they planning on doing in the 50s with 20 cannons?! Shooting the Russians, remember? Miles away! No, no in all fairness… Have a point. How big is the land gap between the US and Russia? Drive to an empty bit of Alaska and shell an empty bit of Russia and just go pfft! Can I just use three words: moral f***ing victory! What you’ve invented there, Gary, is a really bad intercontinental ballistic missile. Well this is, isn’t it, basically? Yes, but it wasn’t just Europe and Russia it was deployed to, where else would they have sent it to? Did they send it to Korea to s*** them up? Yes they did. What were some of the problems with this? Didn’t work. It did work. It got all leaves in it. Everything that was carrying it went backwards faster than the thing went forwards. When they got there it wasn’t really all that useful, why not? Because the Russians had invented an atomic super cannon. Yes, it’s called an intercontinental ballistic missile. As we scientists call it. Yes, you’re absolutely right, better things had been invented. So, while they still had it and it was still a prestige weapon they didn’t ever actually fire it. In the end they realised they could just make atomic shells for what? Beaches. Any artillery piece in the inventory. Exactly right. They didn’t need the cannon, they could just build a bigger regular cannon and put a nuclear shell in it. There was something else here called the Davy Crockett weapon system. This was an attempt to put a nuclear device in another bit of weaponry, what might this have been? A firework! Oh, we’re not back to wedging things in cats, are we? A sword! “Drive me closer! I want to hit them with my nuclear sword!” How would that even work? You perch it on the end like… The Davy Crockett weapon system! Musket! Bullets. You know what you’re closer, it was a recoilless rifle. So essentially a rocket launcher with a nuclear bomb on the end of it. And it didn’t have any recoil? Recoilless rifle essentially means the back end is open, so you’re basically putting a hollow tube up and the exhaust gases come out the back. A hollow tuba? They’re all hollow. That’s how they work. If they weren't hollow, you'd just... Oh, yeah! Solid tuba! Do you want to do the gesture? We’ve all done it once. Come on, get in on this. What were some of the problems with this, with a shoulder mounted rocket launcher nuclear weapon? You had to carry the ammunition! And it’s right next to your head. That didn’t have the range to get you out of blast distance. And that’s the big one, yes. Who the f*** is going to fire it?! “So this is fine, yeah?” “Yeah.” “It’s glowing, you know that don’t you?” “Yes, yes, it’s all cool.” “If this hits that guy am I dead as well?” “Yeah.” “Fuck you.” Just drop it. Just drop it! In fact, far worse, he dies instantly, you get a slow lingering death. Yes. That’s the other problem. Instantly lethal within 150 metres of where it hits, fatal dose within a quarter mile of landing. Just drop it. Just leg it! Also, what couldn’t you do to the bomb after you fired it? Pick it up. Hug it. Juggle it. Use it again. Paint a watercolour. I said “fired”, not landed. It’s not like you’re going to abort it, it explodes with a nuclear bomb… If it’s going to get you anyway, it’s going to get you sooner if you abort it. There wasn’t an abort option, that was the problem. No, it’s a nuclear bomb! You’ve already fired it! But that’s not what sets off a nuclear bomb. - Yes. - That’s true that. You fire it or you drop it or whatever, and then the timer sets it off. Because nuclear bombs have accidentally fallen out, haven't they, and gone off but not exploded, because there’s one.. is there one off the coast of Spain, or something like that? Oh, don’t look up “list of nuclear accidents” on Wikipedia. Yeah, it’s terrifying. Seriously. There’s certainly one off the waters of, I think it’s Georgia in the US? So yeah, have a point. But you don’t want to turn the timer off, because then you’ve given it to them and they’re just going to throw it back to you. In the post! Oh that’s a good point. Did you just say in the post? Well, you just set the timer a little bit longer! You just wind it up! You address it in a big box that looks like a birthday cake. You put it in the mail. Why would you have a box that looks like a birthday cake? Because that box that looks like a birthday cake is in a bigger box that looks like the kind of box a birthday cake might come in. Oh, that’s me told! Inception boxing! Are you a spy, and you haven’t told us? Alright, and then you address it to “Head of FBI, the Pentagon. Happy birthday.” and then like your mum always does on birthday cards, “Do not open until…” And he’ll go, “Oh, for my birthday, it’s in a few weeks.” Puts it in the corner of his office, opens it up, a cake! Cuts into the cake, and that’s when your timer goes off. Don’t you get it so the bomb pops out of the cake and goes, “Happy Birthday, Mr President…” An atomic Marilyn Monroe! Talk about a blonde bombshell. Really? Really? Yes, that’s your one for the season, let 'em clap. Tom, that’s a beautiful shot. No, to be fair that was you bowling it straight down the middle of the crease and we’re just going, “oh, this is easy.” You met it well. I'll give it… Ha, crease… Meanwhile, in Britain. There is a somewhat related slightly ridiculous weapon project here. Oh, as opposed to where we’ve been perfectly sensible up to now. Yes, and it’s called Blue Peacock. This was a British attempt to create a tactical nuclear weapon. They were going to put nuclear mines in Germany. S***! What’s the problem with burying something like that, that's electronic... - You don’t know where the f*** you’ve put it! - You don’t know where it is. That is one problem, yes. One problem with that is that during the winter it gets very cold, the electronics don’t work. How do you keep something like that underground warm? What was the plan? Thermos flask. Sending sheep out to wee on it. I’m never going camping with you, ever. This only needed to last a week or so. So how do you keep that warm for a week? Oil fire. Blankets. No, it’s something that is going to generate its own heat for a while. A cat. You are very close. Oh God. Cows. A bit big to bury there with a nuclear mine. They buried animals with the things? The plan was to bury a chicken. So I’m going to give you the point. F***ing hell! Who goes, “okay, we’ve got this bomb, this high tech nuclear thing…” Yep, we need to keep it warm. “What we need to is we put it underground and we need to keep it warm, “what do we need to put it on? “Chickens!” No, Jeff, Jeff, we can come up with a better solution. - “Chickens!” - “Chickens.” Hang on here, are we talking a box here with a live chicken in it, and an egg-sized nuclear weapon so that the chicken just gives it this number until the timer goes off. That sounds like it would work. Yeah, that was the plan, it never actually happened. Isn’t it a motion detection bomb and you’re putting a chicken, one of the flappiest animals…. It doesn’t detect itself. So how do you set it off, do you step on the chicken? Well it’s a mine, right, so you make your box, you put your chicken in the box. Oh, the chicken’s in the mine? Yes. You put your chicken in the box, you put your pressure pad on top, or whatever and then you put your… Right so you’ve got this really, really high tech thing and then you put a chicken inside it, because that’s what is going to make this high-tech thing better! Yes, because it will keep it at a working temperature without needing to plug anything into it or keep it running. I sometimes have problems starting my car in the winter, shall I put a f***ing chicken in the engine? No, just get a normal chicken, the f***ing ones are too distracted. Can you imagine the-- Warm, cold, warm, cold, warm, cold. NATO's retreated that-a-way, right. You approach what is... you won’t even signpost it as a minefield would you, like today. You would just probably see the field. “Chicken farm.” And suddenly… “Free eggs, please come in…”. In Russian. It says it in English but with “in Russian” in brackets underneath. But you approach this mysteriously newly dug field, that has nothing on it apart from the sound of clucking from beneath. Well let’s face it, it works doubly then because you f***ing wouldn’t follow them over that field! “What the s*** is going on here?” You'd go back to... “What is it?” “A field of ghost chickens...” At which point, one of the chickens has pecked his way out and suddenly from beneath the soil, a chicken’s head just pops out. No, no, it’s got to do Night of the Living Dead, it’s got to be the right wing. Ohh! Suddenly irradiated chickens start popping out of the ground all over, and that’s before the bomb’s gone off! Proposed, seconded, get ’em built… Can I just say, Suddenly Irradiated Chicken is the name of my new prog band, for reals this time. I like you have The Cluck from Below like it’s a horror film. The Cluck from Below! “New from M. Night Showaddywaddy: The Cluck from Below.” Many animals were harmed in the making of this movie. So at the end of the show, congratulations Matt, you win this week. Woo! Yay. Congratulations. You win a rope that keeps out vultures owned by the star of Gavin and Stacey and the Late, Late Show. It’s James Corden’s Condor Cordon. So do enjoy that. Until then we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. Bye, bye. I’ve been Tom Scott, we’ll see you next time.
Why might it have been called Sergeant Reckless? Did it s*** like a mister? ...no. That would be rather reckless. ...no, it didn't. No. What, like a hippo spray? That kind of thing? Oh, don't — I've seen that. If you've never seen a hippo s***, make your way to your nearest zoo and see a hippo s***. I'm sorry, it is well worth — Basically, a hippo -- going back to our word of the day, which is 'helical' -- has effectively got a propellor on its arse. Yes. And will just kind of go [flatulent noise] ...like that. I've only been to a zoo once in my life... Did it end with you kind of taking your glasses off, and there being a perfectly glasses-shaped piece not covered in s***? No, fortunately I was out of the splash zone. Other people were How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt out of the splash zone. But you were solidly in the guff zone. It basically backed itself up against a window... Beep... beep... beep... No, no, no: thpppt... thppt... thppt... Yep. 'Hippo reversing.' Can you imagine being the bloke — we were talking about jobs like the army and whatever else — can you imagine being the fellow at the zoo whose job is to go in with the squeegee and the bucket to clean the s*** off the hippo window? Whatever your job is at home, you're sat there going, 'God, I hate doing this.' Just imagine being the fellow in the gumboots and smock that has to walk into the hippo enclosure three times a day and go, [Squeegee noises] There you go. There's two elements: One, you're dealing with a load of hippo s***. Two, whatever you do, your work is only gonna bring joy to people for a maximum of about an hour and a half before that ungrateful bastard in the pen does it all over again. What is it, two minutes and we've already got to s***? Yeah. Yeah. You're the one that brought in misted s***! You are — I don't know where that came from. I don't know why that suddenly appeared, but that was all on you. Well, I say, 'all on you'... Atomized feculence, that's what you brought to the table. That's a prog rock band if ever there was one. First album: #1. Second album: #2.
Welcome to the town of Asbestos, Quebec. These days, 'asbestos' is a word with a sense of doom attached to it. But when this mine was opened in the late 19th century, that really wasn't the case. Which is why they named the town after it. This pit just here was the biggest asbestos mine in the world. Asbestos is a mineral, easily mined in pits like this. It can be turned into strong, cheap, fire-resistant insulation, and it was used in a huge number of building projects in the 20th century. Either as big insulation blocks, or in ceiling tiles, or just sprayed on as cladding. It was a miracle substance: it could even be woven into clothing, like military uniforms or firefighters' gloves. The catch is that it's made up of microscopic little fibrous crystals. If you break asbestos, drop it, sandpaper it, turn it into insulation and spray it around, those little fibres get into the air and build up in people's lungs. Decades later, people who've worked with absestos, or lived near an asbestos mine, they tend to develop a particularly nasty type of cancer called mesothelioma. Any exposure to asbestos fibres, however small, can be dangerous. And in this town, there was sometimes so much asbestos dust in the air that kids could write their names in it when it settled. We know all that now, so: why haven't they changed the name? In 2006, the town's then-mayor tried to change it, but the idea was voted down. And I wanted to find out why, but no-one from the town wanted to talk to me. I emailed quite a few places, the local government, the historical society. Everyone either said no, they weren't interested, or just didn't reply. They were polite, of course, they're Canadian, but it wasn't for them. And it took me perhaps a little bit too long to realise why. The name attracts people like me and viewers like you. I knew this video was going to be titled "A Town Called Asbestos" right away, it's the obvious title, it's got a ring to it. Which is why there's already a five-part series on YouTube from 2011 called exactly that, put together by a researcher who spent years with this town. She turned her PhD into a book, also titled "A Town Called Asbestos". Vice.com published a series by a German photojournalist, titled "A Town Called Asbestos". All the time, people turn up here, to document The Town with The Name. Some of them, like this author, are thorough and sympathetic and take decades of history into account. Some aren't. Some just set up a camera by the mine overlook, turn up for a couple of hours and film something. Others don't even visit, they just make fun of them from the other side of the world. "Why? Because the town's name is Asbestos." [AUDIENCE LAUGHTER] How do you feel about the name? Why don't you change it? They've answered these same questions for years, and I suspect they're very, very tired of it. The clearest answer that I've found is from an interview in the Globe and Mail in 2016. Ghislain Tessier, vice-president of a local chamber of commerce, said: "Asbestos was our lives. It was our heritage." And I think that's the key to why this town is still called Asbestos. Because, yes, for most of the world, the name is alarming. But here, that's tempered with the fact that this mine, like a coal mine or a gold mine, it was how people made their living. Lots of people worked in the mine, and their parents, and their grandparents, and their great-grandparents. It was part of their identity, a mineral that the world wanted to use, it was made right here by them, and it saved lives, and it really was something to be proud of. Asbestos, and this mine, was defended by the folks who worked here. In '97, just after France banned asbestos, four men from this town, four of the luckier ones, ran the Paris Marathon. And they were congratulated in a statement in Canada's Parliament for showing that the risks weren't that great. Because the risks were drastically downplayed by management and by government. Even after the world at large agreed how dangerous asbestos is, economics and the desire for profit meant that it was still mined for decades here. This mine only closed in 2012. It's only been a few years. Maybe the name will change, if only to stop jerks like me coming along and going, 'ooh, look at this place'. But not just yet. Dr Jessica van Horssen's book is the definitive history of the town and the mine, a lot of this video is based on it, and I thoroughly recommend it.
Tom: I'm with Simon Willison, zeppelin expert. Simon: Hello! Tom: Simon, tell them something they don't know. Simon: So.. In 1910 the airship America made the first ever attempt at a cross Atlantic crossing. And, on the way into the airship one of the engineers scooped up a stray cat, who'd been living in the hangar. The cat, they, they christened the cat Kiddo, put him on the airship. Said: "This will be great, we'll take him along, he can be the ship's mascot." Kiddo was not keen on this idea at all, kicked up a real stink, and so once they got out of the Atlantic they transmitted the first ever radio message from an aircraft, and the message was: "Roy, come and fetch this goddamn cat."" So, they sent a life boat out to fetch the cat. The cat was put in a bag, lowered down to a boat, really jumpy water, the cat was furious, the waves were too choppy, they couldn't rescue him. They ended up having to hoist him back on board. "So, okay, we'll take him with." The cat then settled down, obviously deciding the airship was a lot better than the bag. And, you know, it settled into the flight. They quickly discovered that he was the perfect companion, because cats are better than barometers: the cat would get grumpy before they hit bad weather, way before any of their instruments could detect it. That was all fine, but they were trying to cross the Atlantic. 33 hours in, the airship broke,-- possibly because of sand that they picked up earlier-- they couldn't steer it, they found themselves adrift. They eventually spotted a Royal Mail ship out at sea, managed to signal SOS to them, got rescued by it. And I think they made the first ever aerial SOS call as well. And they were rescued, along with the cat. The airship floated off and was never seen again. The Royal Mail ship went back to New York, where Kiddo was put on display in the window of a fancy department store with a diamond necklace on as a celebrity cat, and he really did live the rest of his life out on the farm. Tom: Simon, thank you very much! That is something you might not have known. Simon: Thank you! [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! Hello! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! Ultra-pure. Silver plated. And available from Lidl. Is that just you? Are you just describing yourself there? I don't want to know which bit's silver-plated! And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Putting the butt into butter. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING] and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about BackpackersXpress. Vwhoomph! Oh, it would be doing that, yes. Is it named because you can avoid them? Literally the opposite. Named so you can find them! You're obliged to touch them! All the time on the journey. "Welcome to the Backpackers' Express! "Sit on a backpacker's lap! Have him feel you up from behind!" You are actually slightly closer than you may think there, so I'm actually going to give you a point. [DING] So is this just a dating site for backpackers? No, definitely not a dating site. Definitely a form of transport. Is it a bus? No. Is it two buses? No. Is it a train? No! Is it a tuk-tuk? You're all thinking a bit too small and too short-haul here. Is it a gigantic camel? Is it the overnight flight from Europe to... eastern... climes? Yeah, I'll give you a point. [DING] It was the idea of doing that sort of flight for backpackers. It's the "gap yah" trip. It is the "gap yah" trip. Yes. So would there be hold luggage or no hold luggage? -- Well, this... -- No holds barred! Wrestling in mid-air! Just to be clear, this is not just the name of a flight, this was going to be an airline. Oh, that'll be the s***iest most run-down plane you've ever seen twanging up to the edge of the runway, won't it? All painted up on the side. -- Old DC-3 done in graffiti! -- Yeah! They will have come up with this idea before 2006. Right, so Gary's getting a point for 'old planes' [DING] they were going to sub-lease them, and you're definitely getting a point for '06 [DING], it was 2003. Why do you think that? Because it was about 2006-2008 where all of the airlines went dead, because no-one had any money. Yes, that's pretty much right. In fact, you're going to have a point, the answer was it closed down in 2005. Is this the kind of airline where your seat allocation would say 'rear gunner', that kind of thing? It was going to be Boeing 747s, they were actually going that far. -- Okay, okay. -- Ooh! What would you want if you were a backpacker on an airplane? Really, really, really cheap. Yes. [DING] Yes. Two ticket types: in and out! What's out? Strap them to the wing? Really, really intense! Strapping you to the wing with duct tape? To be fair, wing walking is a thing, but I think it's normally... Twelve hour wing walk! It's not on a jet engine, is what I'm saying! First-come, first-serve. Just a big space, rip all the seats out, pile 'em in, have it on a weight thing, it's like, "right, we are now full, you're on the next one. Go!" Big pile of backpackers, even in the hold. Yeah, I'm guessing it's no-frills, bring your own food, kinda stuff. See, that's not... I'm going to give Chris the point [DING], it was certainly cheap, pack-'em-in, put 'em all together, essentially a bus... -- Like an Air-bus(!) -- If only! There were some other things they were thinking of, and it wasn't that kind of no-frills, bring-your-own-food. Oh no. It is tedious things that people... I'm going to insult people who go backpacking now, brace yourselves. It it things that tedious people who might've gone backpacking might enjoy, so like crafts and things like that? Hemp seating! Yeah. Opportunities to exchange long stories about just how ethnic you got when you were out there and off the tourist trail you went. Y'all have some very nice stereotypes of backpackers. -- I'm right! -- I'm going to give you a point [DING] for stereotypes of backpackers... No, you've got the good side of backpackers. Don't go through customs?... Oh-oh! Yeah. Erm, it's certainly something to do with what you get duty free there. Smuggling anything you want? "We're still three miles out, get down the rest of your joint, "this is your captain speaking..." -- Oh, is it free booze? -- Oh, that's a point! It's not free booze, but I'll give you the point [DING] it was having a small pub on board. The airline was going to have an official... Brewery! Brewery! Spot on! [DING] Not even... I thought you were going to go for beer, but brewery was exactly right, have a point. Well, 747-400s when they first came in, the top deck was... -- It was a cocktail bar, wasn't it? -- A cocktail bar, yeah! It was the kind of place that people like David Frost would lounge about and philander in mid-air. Mid-air philanderer! That's a fair point! What are -- you know you've got, like, international waters? Where once you get outside... is it a five-mile limit or something? -- It's three miles. -- Three mile limit. You can do whatever thou wilst, 'cos you're in international waters, right, hence pirate radio. What are the laws when you're in the air? Well, the three-mile coastal waters thing is how far you could hit someone with a big ol' cannon. -- Right. -- From back in the day. So if you extrapolate that you end up with all sorts of worrying things like ground-to-air missiles! So I can answer this. It's the 1944 Convention on International Civil Aviation: "all aircraft have the nationality of the state in which they are registered". -- Aha. -- So if you're on a US flag-carrying plane, you can't drink under 21. -- Ah, okay! -- If you're an Australian one, you can't drink... I thought births were registered over the country that you're over? If you have a birth outside, in international waters, your birth location is listed as "at sea". -- Yes it is. -- Nice. And if you're on a plane, it can be listed as "in the air". Those are valid entries on birth certificates. I have seen a baptism entry, 1780s I think, where the place of birth was given as the lat and long. -- Wow! -- That's cool. -- The child was called Atlantica. -- That's nice. That's nice. And we checked the lat and long and it did come roughly in the middle of the Atlantic. BackpackersXpress was going to be an airline with a pub on board where backpackers would get cheap tickets and go over and presumably anyone not wanting to be associated with a load of backpackers... Would get a different flight! -- Go on a different airline, yeah! -- Different flight, yes. The air crew would encourage passengers to socialise. -- Oh, f*** off! -- Oh, f*** off! Spot the British people! -- No way, no... -- Gotta love a bit of enforced fun. Oh no, they'd have getting-to-know-you games while you were on the tarmac, wouldn't they? I've done a bus... when I was lot younger, I did that backpackers' bus through the Australian Outback, and it's horrible. Oh, f*** off! Honestly! Did you have top bants(?) No! No, I didn't. -- They didn't exist back then! -- That's fair. You were yet to become the Archbishop of Banterbury that you would later be! God, it's like... the bus driver playing music over the thing and saying, "right, well these are the actions you should do!" These are the actions you're f***ing doing! These are the actions... there we go! How long would that flight be? It'd be a good eight, nine hours, wouldn't it? -- Eternity! -- But it would feel like you were there forever. Just people... And it's a 24-hour flight from London anyway! I would go on that airline only if there was a dedicated misanthropes' cabin at the front. That... that... that's generally called first class on most airlines, Gary. But on this one, not so much. No, I'd be quite happy with access to the pub and everything else, as long as I didn't have to talk to anyone else! Again, that is first class. You're literally describing first class there. The beds on airplanes I'm most interested in are the crew ones. It depends on the plane but a lot of them are right in the nose, directly below the flight deck. Yep. And if you're on an A380, they have two and a half decks. There is another half deck up in the very top of the plane, with half-height... you can crawl in and get sleep there. I want that one! I'd be fine with that! No you wouldn't, 'cos you're going to be down there, and then you're going to get up and whack your head on the thing. Yeah, but I'm not with them f***ing backpackers, am I?! That's... not unreasonable! So what you're advocating actually is that you'll sleep in the wheel well if necessary? Yeah! I'm not with them! That's not... I think previous news incidents have declared that is not a good place to sleep! That is a good place to freeze, die, and fall out into someone's back yard. I'm not with them, am I though?! Backpackers. Freezing to death. Back... Everybody round this table is going, "you know what, that is a bit of a tough choice". So what did some of the industry experts, looking at this airline's plans, what did they say? "It's just going to be a tin can full of arseholes at 30,000 feet." Yes. What was the media term for "tin full of arseholes at 30,000 feet"? Sounds like he's nailed it to me, to be fair! If you can define it better, I'd love to hear it! Get angry in a car, what do you call it? Road rage! What do you call it in a plane? -- Air rage! -- Air rage. Have a point [DING] -- Creative! -- Yes. "Disruptive or violent behaviour perpetrated on an aircraft." I actually have the first case of air rage here, and I'll give you a point if you can roughly guess the year. Is it ridiculously early? Is it like 1915 when two pilots have a dust-up in mid-air? I was going to say, I seem to remember this chap called the Red Baron upset quite a lot of people... Not between planes, I mean like gunner and pilot... No, it has to be on a passenger plane. -- Sixties. -- 1920s. Yeah. That's going to be closest. Stuff like the little twin engine De Havilland, when there's just 16 people getting high on... Going between London and Paris, stuff like that. Getting hammered on marg... not margaritas, what's the phrase I'm looking for? Martinis. -- Yeah. -- So when are you saying? Ah, 30s. De Havilland. 1938, Neville Chamberlain's flight back from Germany. You said 30s first, I'm going to give it you. It was actually the 40s, 1947, on a flight from Havana to Miami. [DING] It was simply a drunk man assaulting a passenger and biting a flight attendant. Bite attendant! Ahh! I'm sure that person appreciated the gag, as you stood there with your martini behind... -- "I think you'll find...!" -- "Bite attendant!" "This isn't helping!" Which led to the second incident of air rage! Which is a flight attendant glassing someone! That whole plane lands full of fight-injured people! Well, this goes back to something we said earlier, because they didn't know whose jurisdiction it was in, no-one at the landing area really wanted to prosecute, and they frequently got away with it. And it eventually came to be that the laws of the country where the aircraft was registered take precedence. Has the thing happened with planes like has happened with boats, where they're registered in tax havens? That's a fair point, I was wondering that myself just then. It's difficult to do that for most airlines, because they want to be the flag carrier, and they want to be registered in a... British Airways wants to be registered in the UK. There are still a lot of national flag carriers up there. So if I wanted to have a mid-air fight club with no repercussions...? -- Aeroflot. -- I was going to say, what is the best country to register my plane? Air Astana! Yeah! Like, Cayman Islands or something like that? That's if you want to avoid tax. If you want to avoid being punished for hitting someone, I think there are very few jurisdictions which simultaneously don't have a law against that and can register a plane! I'm going to say this; somewhere out there, there's some rich bloke who's investigating that right now. That's true. "What can we do in international waters? Oh, I don't know!" Oh, I could break a really good superinjunction right now, but I'm not going to. I really could. You could, but I'd have to edit it out anyway. Well, Er, so BackpackersXpress never actually got to that point! -- Good. -- They never actually managed to lease any aircraft... Wow, that's the first stumbling block, isn't it? They never even really got enough funding. What did the industry think of them? -- There were just massive arseholes! -- Not much! The Times phrased it as "it seems doubtful to any sane observer "whether the project will ever get off the ground." I didn't realise, as I read that, that was literal and metaphorical... And that is a joke from the Times of London! And that the 'party in the sky' was, and I'm quoting directly here, a "radical move". -- Not in the 90s "radical" sense, just in... -- No! And I think as the Times goes... -- It's like saying "well that's brave". - Yes. I've just realised: is this the Venga Plane? This is actually Venga Airways, isn't it?! It bloody is! -- Sorry! -- Oh, we like to party! You've just remembered the songs, haven't you? It's in there... No, fortunately I don't know the words! So are they doing a New York to San Francisco run? -- There we go! That was the Vengabus. -- That was the bus. That was the bus. No, the plane was going to Ibiza. The plane always... -- Oh, god, now I remember! -- Yes, you're quite right! It was going to Ibiza. No matter the mode of transport, it's always an Intercity Disco. No, wait, no that was the train. No, that was the bus! That was definitely the bus! -- Yes, but Intercity's a type of train. -- Okay. You are no longer welcome in my house. Get out! Some trains did use to have a disco carriage. -- I'm not joking. -- In the 70s? -- Yes! In the 70s. -- What?! In the 70s, some special trains, especially Football Special trains, BR would put on a... This is the train for all the football supporters, so that the commuters weren't bothered by the football supporters. Just a sec! This is the BackpackersXpress but for footballers on trains? It's for, basically, if you're going somewhere for a match, you would charter a whole Football Special train, that is s***ty old carriages, so everyone's corralled in one place, the police know when you arrive, but on the back of it they would put an empty freight car, effectively, with a disco in it! And you'd have the disco carriage. They used to have a pub carriage on the Southern... -- Blimey! -- They put a carriage, and they'd fitted out inside like a country pub! -- Fantastic. -- But it had no windows, that was the problem, -- because they'd put pub seating in. -- It's a shipping container! They'd put seating down the side, so you had no idea where you were when the pub... when the train stopped! Also, do you really want that many drunk people who can't see outside on a swaying train? It was for commuters! It was for people going home on a Friday night, they'd put the pub carriage on. Oh, that's belting! There is no better way to guarantee you'll end up at the terminus by accident. I know! But it was proper country pub, dimpled pint glasses, hand-pulled booze, the lot. -- Fantastic! -- Great idea. That's actually not a bad plan. I mean, it's now a bad plan, because you can't fit that many people in there, and... I don't know, if you make it obviously a civilised, you are going to have one dimpled pint, kind of real ale pub, it probably polices itself! -- Copper-topped tables, yeah! -- Fireplace! -- Fireplace?! -- Yeah! I think it had a fireplace! I'm not joking. It's a steam train. I was going to say, let's face it, if it's fired by steam, it's not the least likely thing you could put on there. Yeah! It's already got a big fire at the front of it, stick a little one in the middle, it's fine! Hey, great way to get it lit as well! Shovel the coals straight from the firebox! It's true, that's how travel used to be, kids. Is it the end of the sliding scale, though? So you have the dining car, then there'll be like a snacking car, then they'll have a soft drinks car, then you've got the pub car, and then you've got the club at the end of the night car. Imagine that! Roll out off the end of the club car into the kebab van car at the back! Which is just a trailer being dragged along. "Salad and sauce?!" But it's a steam-powered rotatey-thing for the... "Chuck some more coals in!" "Fine!" Thing is, it's not actually cooking the meat with coals, that's just providing the power for the electric grill that's rotating the meat... That's a great idea. Oh, come on BR, make it happen. BR! There hasn't been BR for years! Congratulations Chris, you win this one! Fantastic! Congratulations, today's prize is French. -- Oh aye? -- Oui oui! You win chocolate icing in the shape of a cow. It's la vache ganache. You nearly got there in time on that one Matt, well done. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel, Gary Brannan, -- Matt Gray. -- Goodbye, YouTube. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I’ve got a story for you that stretches over 700 years, and the best way to start it is with a 16th century joke: "a man did ride to the market with two bushels of wheat". But because his horse shouldn’t carry a heavy load, he carried the wheat on his own neck, but still rode the horse. I’m not saying it’s a great 16th century joke. But that is one of the Merry Tales of the Mad-Men of Gotam, a 16th-century compilation of stories insulting the intelligence of the people of this town. Which is pronounced "goat-um". The jokes compiled in that book date back centuries more, and while the details have changed with retellings over the years, the story behind them goes like this: Back in the early 13th century, King John – the King John from the tales of Robin Hood – wanted to travel through this town. The locals were worried, because if the King travelled on a road, it would become a public highway, and they didn’t want that. Or in other retellings, the King wanted to build a hunting lodge somewhere nearby, and the locals would have to pay for it. So whenever royal messengers arrived in Gotham, they found the locals doing something ridiculous. They tried to capture a cuckoo by building a circular hedge around it, and when the bird flew away, decided they just hadn’t built the hedge high enough. They tried to kill an eel by drowning it. Back then, "madness" was thought to be contagious. If the King was to visit this town, then who knows: he might catch whatever they had. The king stayed away, and the locals won. So the full legend tells the tale of a wily group of people who outwitted the King… but who also became known as a village of fools in the process. They were both the Wise Men of Gotham and the Mad Men of Gotham. Centuries later, in the early 1800s, there was an American writer called Washington Irving. He’s best known now for writing the Legend of Sleepy Hollow, but among many other things, he was a satirist, and in one of his early works he refers to New York City as Gotham. Now, I tracked down that bit of writing, and I can't understand it. I don’t know any of the context. I don't know if he’s calling the citizens of New York dim, or clever, or both. But the nickname he gave New York stuck around in the public consciousness – and it was written down, so at some point, "Goat-um" became "Goth-am". More than a century after that, when comic book writer Bill Finger was looking for a name for Batman’s fictional town, he flipped through the New York City phone book, spotted “Gotham Jewellers”, and thought: that’s perfect. So now we have Gotham City. If one link in that chain had broken, through 13th-century legend, to 16th-century insult book, to 19th-century writer, to 20th-century phone book flip, if one of those small events hadn’t happened, Batman would live somewhere else.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it’s Chris Joel. “I am Kermit the Frog, and tonight, Matthew, “I’m going to be that little flat guy from 'Frogger'!” Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. “Covered in resin and brimming with juicy seeds!” And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Hello YouTube Studio 1! In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding. I was too quick on the ding there, sorry. Yep, so was I. You’re always too quick on the ding, Gary(!) And there’s a special prize for particularly good answers, which is: I just conducted that in Waltz time. Today, we are talking about Benjamin Rush. Huh. Is that what happens when the shop of Benjamins opened on Black Friday? Yes. There’s a Benjamin Rush. Straight in. Is it street slang for a drug? “I’ve got to get my Benjamin Rush on.” People going round licking wax mannequins of Ben Franklin. That's why I’m banned from Madame Tussauds now, obviously. “Oh, Maggie. Oh, Maggie!” You are surprisingly close with Benjamin Franklin, though. Was he a friend of his? I’ll give you a point, he was a founding father of the United States. Okay, that shows poor history on my part. Well, to be fair there were a lot of founding fathers. I thought you were going to say there was a lot of Benjamins. Both. Franklin... yeah. - No, that’s two, Tom. - That's two. Counting two and saying "yes" doesn’t really make my point. So this is America and it’s ancient history of America, so I’m going to go 19... 20s. And the wheel spins and lands on America. Take that, the colonies! Benjamin Rush, founding father of the United States. Yep, and if this isn’t the most interesting thing on that man’s bio... It is definitely not the most interesting thing on this man’s bio. Was he in the band ‘Rush’? A: no, they’re much later, and B: no, they’re Canadian. Benjamin Rush was a physician. Was he an utter quack and a charlatan? He was surprisingly forward thinking for his time. Amputations! Didn’t necessarily do them. That'd be forward thinking. He was Surgeon-General in the continental army. Oh, in an army, okay, fine. Yes, you went for the sarky salute there, but yes. You were right, you gave the man the due respect, yeah. 'Dew respect' is what you give wet grass on a morning. S***, I wondered where you were going with that. Oh, my God. First groan of the day! So surgeon general and innovative, in some... I can’t get away from operations, if it’s during the war. There were some interesting prescriptions given by this man. Okay, laudanum? Why? Painkiller. Really? Yes! I don’t f***ing know, but you believed it! He’s like, “Well I believe you!” Some kind of painkiller or something like that, or antiseptic. He gave supplies to a very famous expedition after the revolution. Now, I know your American history is not great. I know bugger-all about America. Do the words 'Lewis and Clark' mean anything to you? Yes, that's... Superman. That was 'Lois and Clark', and that’s actually why they called it that. - Really? - F***ing hell! 'Lois and Clark, the New Adventures of Superman' was a Lewis and Clark pun. So was this an expedition to Krypton? It was certainly an expedition to somewhere. Was it a westward one? Yes, it was. “Westwood!” Not Westwood! Two Americans set off and discover South London. It was a westward expedition. What were they hoping to find? The Pacific. Yes, absolutely right! Yes, the Lewis and Clark expedition was trying to find -- and successfully found -- a route through to the Pacific through American territories. Pimp My Horse And Cart. It’s not the Westwood expedition! And that’s just the horse. Yeah, if it does that, don’t get behind it. Wait until it stands up again! Wicked horse! Who here actually knows who Tim Westwood is? You underestimate them! For about half the audience, that’s just lost. That expedition obviously had a lot of supplies to get through all the way for months and months to the Pacific and their doctor was Benjamin Rush or at least their initial man who gave them the supplies. What sort of thing do you give for a months-long expedition through the wilderness in 1803? Opiates. Absolutely spot on. I was going to say imodium. Now, we’ll get back to you on there in a minute, Gary. But I just want to point out that, yes, Turkish opium, apparently. Turkish! Not opiates, it’s Turkish opium, what was that for? Making sure you have a lovely time, darling(!) You know what, I’m going to give you a point, nervousness. What, to incite it? “I don’t think we’re panicking enough “about when we’re going to get there, hand me the opium!” Why aren't all expeditions done on opiates? Strong opiates! Ranulph Fiennes, off his tits at the North Pole, I’d gladly watch that. Have you read any Hunter S Thompson? The International Space Station! “To Mars, on smack!” Do they rate their expedition by which drug they’re using? “This feels more like an LSD trip to me, but I don’t know.” Trip! Trip! Only manage one orbit, then lose interest. Turkish opium, absolutely right. You mentioned a fairly obvious joke here for something you’d give for it. - Imodium! - Yes. Did they have problems of the bum? "Their meat rich diet and lack of clean water gave them cause to use…" Cork and a rubber mallet! It’s the phrase 'rubber mallet' that got me. Well, you’ll not get it in far enough on your own. Can't reach round, you need the leverage. You’re not going to use wood, are you? You want that soft return on it. ...I would imagine. And you’re not going to use Timmy Mallett either, so... [Timmy Mallett noise] That’s one for the ’80s kids in the studio(!) I thought that was the noise if you forgot to put the cork in. They weren’t called 'Imodium', it was… 'Ye Imodium.' …fifty dozen of Dr Rush’s Bilious Pills. I’d still take those now, they sound reassuringly competent. "I’m off for a Bilious." They also had sort of a weather-ish name, something that might cause a rumbling. A 'Thunder Plunderer'. I’m going to give you the point, they were 'Thunder Clappers'. I’m going to call them all that now anyway! A brace of Thunder Clappers, no less. What did those contain? Because it won’t be senna, then, or anything like that. No, I mean, bear in mind… What bungs you up? There was a lady I used to know… It wasn’t necessarily designed to bung you up. Rush believed, as you would at the time, in certain theories of medicine. What might that… Purging and things like that. Oh, humours! No, not humours. Surely not humours? A little bit late for humours, but it was certainly bleeding or anything like that. So leeches? Stick a leech on your arse and you get a colostomy bag! Oh, the poor leech! Two leeches in a pond, one goes on the king’s wound, the other one is going to be stuck up your bum as a colostomy leech. We’ve started plumbing depths very quickly here, I’ll be honest. It’s like the Human Centipede! The Leech. Sorry. It does say here: "Even in Rush’s day and location, "many physicians had abandoned on scientific grounds that remedy." Rush just kinda kept going. He believed in something called Heroic Medicine. Does anyone want to… I know where this is going. Anyone tell me what that is? I don’t want any doctor with that kind of heroic mindset, thank you very much. Who might kick my door in and slam a leech down my throat and go, “You’re saved!” and then leave. Flashheart as your doctor. “I’ve got a syringe! And it's as hot as my pants!" Is it basically when the time comes, you say, “I’m going outside now, I may be some time,” and then just find a tree. Is this Greek influenced, as in hero in Greek mythology or something like that? Absolutely right. Essentially purging, vomiting, sweating and blistering. Saturday night out, really. Given all that, what would you put in Dr Rush’s Bilious Thunder Clappers? Anything to do all those at once, and by God would you thunder clap while that happened. This is not something that you even want to touch these days. Was it poison to force it out quicker? Yes, I’ll give you the point but it’s… Mercury. -- Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt me! -- Not only that. Absolutely spot on, they were 50% mercury pills. What was the other 50%? Er... pill. Are you okay there Gary? I am such a t***. Actually, the correct answer would probably have been - if we weren’t being nobs about this - chalk or something like that, wouldn’t it? - Yes. - Nothing that’s going to kill you, but chalk will bung you up more. Not if you combine it with mercury it won't. You’re right. Because chalk in flour was a thing and that would bung you up horribly. There was an interesting side effect for archaeologists. I mean other than… Shining bits? - I didn't... no...! - A shining trail of breadcrumbs! Behave(!) Ooh, no. Because mercury is silver and shiny, isn’t it? Is it horrifically dangerous to do archaeological excavations on burial sites from these people where they died along the way? 'Cos their bodies and skeletons are going to be full of quicksilver mercury. If you touch it with bare hands it will seep into your skin and also give you the heaving s***s? As we archaeologists call it. That’s a man who looks through archives for a living, there. It’s true, there’s certain things I have to be careful with, if it's been... Black Death, 'yersinia pestis', is very, very contagious. If you discover a black death burial site you have to immediately run away lest you get ill. Because a lot of people got buried in lead coffins. And of course lead, the body just corrodes in it and just turns into a bit of a sludge, but the disease persists within and it is very persistent hence why it kills a quarter of the population if it gets out. So, there are certain plague burials where you just run a mile if you think it’s black death. So that could happen with a quicksilver-imbued skeleton. Ha, not so stupid now! I like the idea you run a mile, thus spreading black death for a mile. That's... How do you think it worked in the first place? They were able to trace the expedition a century or more later by the trail of mercury they left behind. - By their middens. - Mercury breadcrumbs. What other reforms did he try and bring through? Mobile phone. Yes, it’s a telegraph that you have to wire up as you go behind you. That’s pretty much how they lay telegraphs, yes. ...fair. Did he introduce 'Hungry Hungry Hippos'? To medicine? What is the function of 'Hungry Hungry Hippos' in medicine? "He who winneth the most pills liveth the longest." Whoa, competitive. Wow. So what you’re saying is the modern American medical system is entirely based on 'Hungry Hungry Hippos'. Who has the most gets the best care. Yes. Satire. Was he against lobotomies? It’s not actually medical reform. So it could have been 'Hungry Hungry Hippos'. Bearing in mind he was a founding father, he was also a politician, and it says here, 'educator, social reformer and humanitarian'. Slavery. Yes, he was anti-slavery. But pro-mercury. Yes! Yes... I didn’t realise there was anyone anti-slavery that early. Yes, they fought a civil war over it. Did they? One of the arguments of the American Revolution was, "do we allow slavery?" It’s like having a major royal sat next to me! “Really?” “How very interesting!” There are actually some interesting headings here, because we have anti-slavery, and then capital punishment, which he was also against, they just haven’t put the word 'anti' in the title. That’s one hell of a relative. Auntie Capital Punishment...! Morning! Whoomph. Yeah, along with 'Uncle Pillory'... and 'Cousin Swift-Kick-in-the-Bollocks'. These things work on a kind of bilateral thing, so either massively for or massively against. Mmm. Place your bets now. - Okay. - Going full Banzai on us! He’s been anti-slavery, anti-capital punishment, got to be pro-purging so I’m going go… Not in like the movie of The Purge sense, just to be clear here, because you brought that in from nowhere. Pro-purgatives... I’m going to say he was pro-ladies. Correct. Flip a coin! One or the other! He was instrumental to the founding of the Young Ladies Academy of Philadelphia. Fillies in Philly? Yes, he proposed, er, a... You t***. I mean, don’t get me wrong, that’s genius. The first chartered women’s institution of higher education in Philadelphia. What did he think women should be trained in? Kung fu! Not exactly. Driving a steam engine. Building wardrobes. That thing where you balance a golf ball on the end of the golf club and then you hoy it up and then hit it. Scuba diving. We can go all day. Precision cake throwing. Slightly closer. Those John Virgo trick shots where you get a snooker ball to go into a little wine cooler thing. That bit from 'Full Metal Jacket', where he’s obsessively stripping the rifle and chanting to himself. Is it something like etiquette for the ladies? Not quite that far. Good housekeeping. No, it wasn’t quite that. Armed combat. I started there. Okay, here’s a line, here’s armed combat, here’s etiquette... About here. Oh! Oh! Nice combat. - Unarmed combat! - "I'm terribly sorry." Boompf! Witty repartee! Biting and scathing comebacks, but politely, so the fellow doesn’t notice it’s happened. He just, about two days later, wakes up in the middle of the night with a growing sense of ennui and realised he missed his chance forever. Sorry, got autobiographical there. Back in the room. Coquettish waving of fans to avoid embarrassment. Moral essays, poetry and religious writings and history, which you know presumably you didn’t, er… He’s not a lady! I don’t know if it's escaped your notice but… What did he think women shouldn’t be pushed towards? Kung Fu! Precision cake throwing! All the same jokes! - The Bessemer steel process! - Let's move on! Cliff edges! Who’s he? Rough, uncouth types. Hey up. Mathematics, logic, advanced science. So ladies of the room, how many of you would not qualify? Benjamin Rush is the father of… Of his children! …of American… something. Baseball. A discipline in... medicine, I guess. Anaesthesia. Bowel cleanage. It’s nothing really to do with the body, as such. So a medical process that’s not to do with the body? Is it like blind testing or something like that, actual research rather than just poking? I mean it is to do with a bit of the body, but you would say this was not a physical thing to fix these days. This would be something else. Psychiatry, mental health, something like that. Yes, absolutely right, spot on with the word, the father of American psychiatry. What did he think was a good way to cure "insanity"? That’s the phrasing they’ve used here. Electroshock treatment. No, too early for that, much too early for that. I don’t think at this point Benjamin Franklin had been shocked by his kite yet. “Look at the size of this kite!” “I’m going to go flying in the rain right now while holding a brass key.” A good hard slap to the face. “Sort yourself out, man!” Remember what he already believed in. Mercury? Point. It was called 'calomel', if anyone knows that that is. That’s dangerously close to 'caramel' in a hilarious mix up in a chocolate factory, isn’t it? Yes, it’s mercurous chloride. So, like, don’t eat Cadbury's Calomel. How did he convince his patients who were suffering from, and again I’m using the word here, "insanity", to eat mercury? Wrap it in ham. ♪ Wrap it in ham... ♪ You’re close. Wrap it in cheese. Yeah, I’m going to give you the point, "sprinkling a few grains of mercury daily on a piece of bread "and then spreading a thin covering of butter over it." He believed that mental illnesses were caused by disruptions of blood circulation. So how might you get some more blood to the brain? Did he throw people in cold water or something like that to increase circulation? That would be slightly more sensible than what we’ve got here. Hang them upside down. Yes, sleep them like a bat. A powered warming hat! "Sleep them like a bat..." I'm gonna let that go by. I’m going to give you a point, it was a sensory deprivation head enclosure. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt off, no. So a tin hat with no eye holes? Are you saying he invented the bucket? And the process of placing it on someone? He also had a more physical way of getting blood to the brain. Is it like when you’ve got an ice pop and you’ve got the juice at the bottom and you want it to the top, so you have to go fneeeeer with the leg and it’s just forcing the blood up through the body? Okay, I’m not going to give you a point but you are right. Moving tourniquet is probably an easy way of describing that. Not quite, it was a way… Static tourniquet! …to force blood up to the head. Is it like that machine at the end of 'The Princess Bride', where you put suction cups on it and it’s water powered but instead of sucking life it just pulls the blood through you? I’m going to give you the point, it’s… A vacuum. It’s not a vacuum or it’s not anything like that, but it is a spinning machine… Human centrifuge! …that you strap someone to and spin them round like that and that was how he thought you cured mental illnesses. Oh, yes please! Did it work? No. This strikes me as medicine in the form of a Shooting Stars end game. He actually had a thing called the 'Moral Thermometer'. And he was way off it. The more blood you have in your brain, the better off you would be. Is this like one of those love testers you get in bars, you put your hand on it, if it's a warm hand, but a cold hand: "moral turpitude, he must be hung!" He was against the death penalty so there wasn’t... "He must be roundly shunned." "And put in a bucket." At the end of the show, congratulations Gary, you win this week. You win... Brace yourselves. You win an express trip to see the buttock cleavage of one of 'Tenacious D'. Yep. No! It’s 'Jack Black’s Fast Track Ass Crack'. Do enjoy that. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel! Bye then! to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I’ve been Tom Scott, we’ll see you next time. Thank you, folks! Ee, that were gradely.
Today's show is sponsored by Druid's Fluids... for all your holy water needs. This is the Technical Difficulties. We are playing Citation Needed. I have an almost-randomly selected article from everybody's favourite reliable source of knowledge, Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right gets them a point and a ding [DING] and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... Rather! And today we are talking about... Bossche bol. The what? Can you use that in a sentence for us? [Laughter] — Football! — No. Are we talking a sport, though? Not even close. Is it a type of ball? — Well. — Is it roughly spherical? Yeah. It is roughly spherical. — Okay. — Is it a body part? No. Is it a seed, or fruit, or... — It's a foodstuff. I'll give you a point for that. [DING] — Ahh! A Bossche bol is a foodstuff then. Yes. Is it deep-fried? Er, no. What?! It's not from these shores, then. Is it made of pieces of other things? It's a foodstuff though, isn't it? Every foodstuff, let's be honest, unless you are eating pure sodium... Yum yum yum! ...is pretty much made up of pieces of other things. Yes. You get, like, a fishcake, or you get fish. Okay! Er, no, it's made. It's made of other ingredients. Is it of Africa? It's Dutch! — Dutch? — Dutch. — Booshe-ball? — It's Dutch and... Bossche bol. Bossche bol? Bossche bol. The Dutch people I know are going to kill me for... Is it pickled? No, not even close. Completely the other end of the spectrum. In fact... So it's raw! If you had a spectrum — no, in terms of taste — from pickle... — Oh. — ...and then took it all the way the other way... — All right, it's something sweet then. — Yes. Right. It's a treat — a cake or something like that? Yeah. [Laughter] And it's roughly spherical. Truffles. And I don't know why I'm doing that. Is it a sweet, cake-based Edam? — You know what... — What, gjetost? That's actually close enough I'm going to give you it. [DING] It's basically an oversized profiterole. — Ha! ...A what-sized? — Yum yum yum! Oversized profiterole. How oversized? The size of your head! You can fit your head in it and lick all the cream out of the inside before you eat its remains. Like a helmet. Was that the rudiments of the Dutch space programme? With a giant profiterole round the head of a man in the lower atmosphere? 'Okay, the cream is keeping me fed.' 'I have eaten it all. I am too fat for the parachute.' I'm glad we've finally washed up on the nationality we're going to insult for this show. No, but think about it. You could have the chocolate slice as like a visor, couldn't you? Because the further up the atmosphere you go, the colder it's going to get, and the more solid she's gonna be. All right, it won't survive reentry very well if it's chocolate, but you know. You've got the cream for insulation. Yeah! ...Not a phrase I've said before. Again, as it gets — yeah! They had a point, these Dutch people with their profiterole space programme. You could fit them inside a giant Twinkie, or Barny Bear or something as the space suit. So Bossche Bol was the name of their first space capsule? ...yes. Yes. [Laughter] Bossche Bol One! Yes. Absolutely. In the same way that the first French spaceship was called 'Profiterole'. — Was it? — No. — I did not know that. — It won't be called Profiterole, you nob-head, would it? — It was called 'Baguette'. — It was called 'Baguette'. Profiteroles are small, duh! We're talking one that's as big as a space helmet here! We're actually talking about one that's about five inches. A little bit bigger than my button here. There is a bit of culinary advice in this article... What's the best way to avoid spillage when eating a Bossche bol? Sit on it. Eat it whole. Ride it. Puncture it, suck out its delicious innards, and then consume the outside. Yes. Squeeze it like a spot. [Prolonged squirting noises] No? No, unsurprisingly. With a spoon. The best way to avoid spillage from your Bossche bol, is the question you're asking us. Yes. Yes, I am. Is there a special receptacle for this? The Bossce bol sphere, for instance. I don't like Bossche bol spillage. — No, who does? — I'm not a fan. Vanish won't touch it, will it? You turn it upside down. Well, actually it says 'The best way to avoid spillage is by eating the pastry upside down', and I don't know whether that means the pastry... — Or the person? — ...or the person. That's my kind of dessert. The kind that you have to be strapped down for. That's the taste sensation I'm looking for. All right, we've got a three-person slingshot and a Bossche bol. Here we go! Yes! What would it feel like to be hit by a five-inch-wide profiterole at speed? Well, based on the juggling ball I got hit with, it'll be bloody painful. I got hit by a water balloon in the face. That was painful. Oh yeah! You ended up with a real big welt, didn't you? I've still got the animated GIF of that somewhere. I'll see if I can cut and paste it in about here. I'm thinking, what would the cream do? Would it go... would it be like... Not evaporate, but the action when it melts and... I like to think that it would turn non-Newtonian. It'd go solid and you're just knocked unconscious. I can believe that. That water balloon hurt. Oh, Christ! If you did it with a custard-filled one, it would do that! — Ohhh! — It would, wouldn't it? Because custard 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt non-Newtonian! Only if it's not sugary. If you put sugar in, you actually turn it into just regular... — Right. — But it would still be enough to... Hang on, we've discovered a new weapon, chaps! If you could put that in the barrel of a Navy frigate... 'Cause I've seen that episode of Dad's Army where they fire onions at people, and that looked like it hurt, so I... Factually accurate ballistics! Steel and depleted uranium — custard-filled chocolate. I'm not saying it's used for destruction, I'm saying it's used for shock and awe. Splat and awe, really, wouldn't it? There is a bigger version of the Bossche bol, just to drag us back... The Super Bossche Bol! Well, you see, that's pretty close. I don't actually want the Dutch word for it, but if you could tell me what it's called when you translate it to English. The Mega-Ball. The Very Big Profiterole. You know what, I'm going to give you both points. It's 'giant ball'. [DING DING] What I love is that in the 'See also' section of this page is just 'List of pastries'. Let's see how many we can guess. Quickfire round! Name some pastries. Matt. Errr... Danish pastry. Point! [DING] Gary. Cream horn. — Oh good Lord. — Point! [DING] Choux bun! I tried to spell that 'shoe' there and it didn't work. Also that! I'll give you a point. It's under 'Éclair', but yes, point. [DING] Éclair. Point. [DING] [Laughter] Viennese whirl. Good Lord. No, it's not on the list. BULL****! That's not pastry. That's a biscuit. Ooh. You could have me on a technicality there. I also like — in here we have: 'Cronut' has already made its way into Wikipedia. [Groans] Who eats one? I don't und— I don't... yeah. What? Is it a croissant and a doughnut? It's a doughnut made of croissant pastry bread dough. But isn't that just... a croissant with a hole chopped out of the middle? No, it's deep-fried instead of baked. You know those Yum Yums they have in Greggs? — Oh, it's a Yum Yum, is it? — It's one of them, yeah. Only it's made with croissant dough. So it's butterier and more layers and such. And causes more flakiness down the front of a shirt of a morning. The horror. I've never thought, 'Ooh, I don't know whether I want a croissant or a doughnut.' — Someone did. — I want one or the other. I don't get the whole American breakfast thing, of having like, doughnuts — something that sweet and that sugary, first thing. You've eaten Ricicles. Okay. Oh man, Ricicles! With the little spaceman. — Spaceman! — Captain Rik, yeah. Good grief. Do they still make those? — Yes. — I don't think they do... — No. — I've not seen Ricicles for a long time. On the other hand, if we do find some... — We're having them. — I'm having them tomorrow. According to everyone's favourite unreliable source of knowledge, yes, they still sell them. — Yes! — Ahhh! In the UK? They don't put them in the variety packs any more, though. That's all right. I could eat a whole box. — In one sitting! — What, just by the fistful? Out of the box! Well, you remember the box of Coco Pops I brought last time we did this. I ate them in two days. I think a box of Ricicles in one sitting's on. Fistful Of Ricicles. — That's just a western movie! — For A Few Ricicles More. The Good, The Bad and Captain Rik. Yes! All these! Just Coco the monkey, sat with a hat down over his eyes, at the side, just throwing a knife up and down. Are we saying Tony the Tiger's the sheriff? There's an entire section of the Cronut article on 'Controversy'. Can anyone tell me how much they were selling for? Because the original Cronut is trademarked to one bakery. They were selling them for five dollars. How much were scalpers selling them for later in the day? You can't —well, they're not going to last that long, are they? Being a French-based bread product, they'd have gone off within about an hour and gone stale. As we previously established. Yeah. So I'm going to say twenty dollars. Twenty dollars? You know what... Even though it's a terrible way of doing it, I'm going to do Price Is Right rules here. — Ohh! — So closest without going over. Can we have the little yodelling man going up a hill here? No. Twenty dollars? — Yes. — Chris. Twenty dollars and one cent. — Ohhh! [Laughter] Nine. Nine dollars? One hundred dollars! [DING] You get the point. Yes! Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt off! For a bloody pastry?! It was one of those things where the public get a fixation on it, and it starts... It's basically Bitcoin in pastry form. You could almost get a flight to Paris! Except it lasts longer. ALL: Wahey! Can anyone give me some of the alternate names that people have called the Cronut, just to get around the... Donant! Fatty Wheel! Flaky Death! Fat Whirl! Fat Whirl. No. Dosant? Dosant! Point. [DING] Isn't that just close to selling a 'doesn't'? Also on the list of pastries, we have something called 'Nun's Puffs'. Brannan! I feel this is your... — Hellooo? — Please make a nun sequitur. — [Groans] — Heyyy! 'Nun sequitur' — that took me like three seconds. That was good. Oh, don't monk around any more, then. I've had that joke on a list for years and that is the first time I've been able to use it! You're lucky, because you were really nunchalant when you delivered it. [Groans] It's not the habit you want to get into. [Laughter] Now... Leave you wimpole-ing in a corner, if you keep doing that. [Groans] It's listed as 'nun's puffs'. That is a euphemism. Can you tell me what they're actually called? I read about this recently! It's... Are they those little round buns with icing and a cherry on top? Er... not the cherry, but they're basically kind of a light dessert pastry. Are they the ones that have the name 'nun's farts'? Point! [DING] And... They are called 'nun's farts'... [Laughter] ...and they are just a ball of pastry that is very, very light, with a cream filling in them. So, profiteroles? — ...but smaller. — Under another name, yes. Sorry... 'Could I have a nun's fart, please?' 'Of course. Sister!' 'That'll be five pounds, please.' And then you sell it on later for a hundred. In a jar. On that note, I think Matt, you got most points — I mean, I'll be honest, I'm not counting. I certainly didn't get any, so it wasn't me this time. Matt, congratulations — you win a copy of the game where you have to get executives of a disgraced bank to jump through pipes and defeat Bowser. Super Lehman Brothers. It's all right! Enough time's passed for that one. We're fine. Until next time... that's been Matt Gray! Bye-bye! That's been Gary. ...Brannan. I didn't say your name there. What a nob-head, everybody(!) We've been working together for what, how long now? Up yours, nob-head. CHRIS: That was Gary Brannan... And that's Chris Joel. Bye! I've... Sod it! Look at his face! That was a good pastry-based episode there. I liked that. [Laughter] Thanks for watching! If you've got this far, then hopefully you liked the show. Leave us a comment if you do. The feedback we get from you all is really welcome. Or better yet, tell some other folks about us. And don't forget, there are audio episodes of our reverse trivia podcast at techdif.co.uk. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
In any Hollywood movie, if someone has to dial a phone number, it will start 555 and there's a reason for that, not only is it American tradition, but the 5550 block is blocked out across America, for dramatic numbers, so all numbers that start 5550 with a couple of rare exceptions, will never get through. Now, there have been a couple movies that have tried to use other numbers because hearing 555 does take you out of the action a little, and Bruce Almighty managed to spark a whole load of people trying to call God when his number was flashed up on screen. Now of course that's slightly worse in America because the caller doesn't just pay for the phone call to a cellphone, the person with the cellphone pays as well. So, suddenly, someone was getting 20 or 30 calls an hour and all they were asking for was God. What you might not know though is that Britain also has numbers like that in one of the few good decisions that Ofcom, the regulator has ever made about phone numbers, there are a few blocks marked out. In London, it's 0207946, there's several blocks in cities across Britain, and for rural areas, an entire area code, 01632 that is guaranteed never to connect. There's a mobile phone number too, 077009, that whole block will never, ever get through to anything. And at the exchange level, well, it just cuts you off straight away. If you're on a cellphone, you'll never get through. And if you're on one of these, an old-fashioned land line, you won't even get halfway through dialling it before you get cu- [PHONE CUT OFF SOUND EFFECT]
We learn about conservation of energy in school. How you can take potential energy, like the energy in the chemicals in this battery, and you can then just convert it to electrical energy. And then convert that to whatever you can find a use for. A battery is just a store of potential energy. And that potential energy could be chemical, or it could be gravitational. This lake in this rainy bit of Wales is part of the largest battery in Britain. And it's rechargeable. Welcome to Dinorwig Power Station, otherwise known as Electric Mountain. - What we have is a large reservoir at the top of the mountain, a large reservoir at the bottom, and between the two, a power station, which converts that potential energy into electricity. The power station itself is located inside that mountain in deep caverns. We release that potential energy through the station. It drives a turbine that spins round at synchronous speeds, connected to the grid. It drives a generator, converting that into electricity. We then export that onto the National Grid. And then at nighttime, we just reverse the whole process. The turbine turns into a pump. The generator becomes a motor. And we push that water back up the hill into the reservoir at Marchlyn Mawr, at the top of the mountain. The operating principle here is that the generation that the station is able to do during the daytime helps the nation meet those peaks of electricity demand. And overnight, it's able to pump the water back when prices are lower. In electrical terms, we have around nine gigawatt-hours of storage at the top of the mountain. And in fact over the course of a day, the water passing through the station is broadly equivalent to the total household consumption of water in the UK. At full load, we can be meeting the demand of around about two million homes. - This sounds like a really simple idea, but when there's this much energy involved, the design challenges are ridiculous. If you've ever lived in a house where you turn off a water tap and the the pipes go clunk, then you know about water hammer. Water isn't compressible, so closing a tap means that all the water that is under pressure and rushing down the pipe suddenly has nowhere to go. So if the pipes in your house aren't secured properly, the crash and rebound of all that water can make the plumbing move and make noise. If that can happen with just a tap in a house, imagine what could happen when one of the valves here closes. At full capacity, there is somewhere around a swimming pool every second rushing through the turbines down there. When that valve closes, all that water heading down here suddenly has nowhere to go. The pressure would do enormous amounts of damage. It would break everything apart, if it wasn't for one extra bit of plumbing. A shaft hundreds of metres deep that acts as a pressure release. We can't see anything, on the surface or from down here, sadly, it all happens deep within the mountain. But every time those valves move, [valve clanking] that surge pipe is what stops the whole system from tearing itself apart. This station is not some quirky old curiosity. This is serious engineering that keeps the lights on around the country. - Dinorwig Power Station is one of the largest power stations of its type in the world, and it's also one of the fastest-acting power stations. So as well as being able to take advantage of the peaks and troughs in the electricity market, it was essentially built, primarily, with the intent to provide very fast response onto the system in order to help the National Grid balance supply and demand instantaneously on a second-by-second basis. So it has the capacity to be able to go from zero up to its full capacity, maybe 2,000 megawatts, within 10 to 30 seconds. When people talk about pumped storage, they tend to associate it a lot with TV pickups, and National Grid, in analysing that risk, study the TV schedules and plan ahead and put Dinorwig on standby, if you like, to be able to meet those pickups. Going back to the 80s and the 90s, everyone would be sitting around the same TV channels with a limited choice, then. All the ingredients you need for a sort-of collective putting-on of the kettle and opening of the fridge. Pickups could be pretty significant. But since then, people are streaming on YouTube, on Netflix, all the different plethora of channels that we have, so that has changed that sort of coincidence of viewing on one channel. The current environment that we're in, we have significant amount of renewable technology on the system, which provides a level of unpredictability day to day. And actually, the importance of storage now is that we can use it to help develop the amount of renewables we have and allow us to fill in those gaps when the wind's not blowing and the sun is not shining. So having storage is such an important component of the modern grid system. - Thank you very much to all the team at Engie who made this visit possible. Pull down the description for more about them, and more about Electric Mountain. A battery is just... a store!... of potential energy.
I am in Morocco! Well, not really. I'm actually in Disney's version of Morocco, in EPCOT -- -- which is why this particular back street has an emergency exit. And here is something you might not know, and it's about... ice cream. See, I'm in America. And in America, this ice cream has to contain milk. Actual milk. Specifically, a certain percentage of milk fat. But if I were in Britain, that's not necessarily the case. You see, British ice cream, unless it has the phrase "dairy" on it, can actually be made of something called "bleached deodorised, hydrogenated vegetable oil". Which means that the stuff you get out of ice cream vans and the cheap stuff you get in supermarkets might not have any milk in it at all. This, on the other hand, is American ice cream, which means I can be certain -- or at least reasonably certain -- that it's made with milk. And that's something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Camberwell Submarine. It's not actually a submarine, it's a heating boiler and exhaust for most of the houses around here, but it's the closest I can find to a submarine that I've got access to. So, here I'd like to tell you about something you might not know, which is the "letter of last resort". The UK has four Trident-class nuclear submarines. They are our main nuclear deterrent; we're one of the few countries that actually has nuclear capability. The thing about nuclear war is, it is monumentally stupid. It involves the deaths of everyone involved and uncountable numbers of civilian casualties. So the thing is... if you were the Prime Minister and you know that there are missiles launching towards the UK and you have four minutes to respond - as was quite possible during the 1980's... What do you do? Do you launch? Do you send yours off in return, knowing that the only thing it can accomplish, knowing that you cannot intercept the incoming missiles, the only thing that you launching can accomplish is killing more innocent civilians? Do you launch, do you take the retaliatory strike that you've always threatened? Or... do you accept that all you can do at this point is kill more people and not launch? And more importantly... What if the Prime Minister is already dead? What if the second-in-command is already dead? What if the attack has hit and nothing has gone out to the British nuclear submarines? Different navies around the world have different ways of dealing with this, and the British way of dealing with it is just... an almost poetic way of doing things. Inside every British nuclear submarine, inside a safe, inside another safe is one of four letters, all identical and handwritten by the Prime Minister. And every Prime Minister that comes to power, even now, even David Cameron, one of their first duties is to sit down and hand write four letters that say to the commander of each nuclear submarine, if all has failed, if Britain is destroyed, if the Prime Minister is dead, if everyone in the chain of command is dead and you have nothing else to do... ...do you launch? And if the submarine surfaces and finds that Britain is destroyed - and one of the tests they use is whether Radio 4 is still broadcasting... allegedly... they look in the safe. They open the envelope, they look at the letter, and that tells them whether they kill uncountable numbers of people as retaliation or whether they go the nearest friendly port and do what they can to rebuild. And that's thing about nuclear war: once it's started, all bets are off. You may as well just give up because the idea was never to launch... ...it was always to deter. And that is something you may not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is a Soviet T34 battle tank Well, okay... admittedly it's now a decommissioned hunk of metal. It was bought from the Czech army after the collapse of the Soviet Union used for some filming -- a Shakespeare play of all things -- and then bought by a local resident, here in Bermondsey And it's been installed on this bit of waste ground and painted ridiculous colors ever since. But that's not what I'm actually here to talk about, I'm here to talk about something a little more general. Specifically something that makes every British tank better than every other tank, and every other fighthing machine in the world. Now I realise that's a slightly Jeremy Clarkson-ish thing to say, so let me explain: British tanks all have something called a BV: a boiling vessel. Technically it's a CV or a cooking vessel now, but what it is: it's a square thing, about that big, that you put water in and you turn it on and it heats the water up ...it's a kettle. Basically, it is a kettle and all British tanks and all British fighting machines have one of these and what it means, is that British tank crews can have tea whenever they like. And to me, never mind your caterpillar tracks and your all-terrain and your range finders and your weaponry never mind all that. To me: the ability to have tea when ever you would like makes the British tank every other tank in the world! You can fight that one out in the comments. Anyway, that is something you've might not have known. Subtitles by: MM [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
He's got the beard, I've got the bulk... Wow! That's... that's a slogan there. Let's make lots of money! That's a poster with you two and: 'He's got the beard. He's got the bulk. Together, they are...' Bulkbeard! There we go. [Laughter] That sounds like the next Marvel one. Bulkbeard! I just think it's a really fat pirate. [Laughter] Discount men's grooming warehouse. [Pirate voice] 'No, you go board it. I... I can't move.' He's just flopped in a big chaise longue on the poop deck. 'Arr. Bring back any snacks they may have.' Sorry, it's getting close to a Wogan pirate. Little bit. Little bit. [Wogan impression] 'Bring back any snacks they may have.' Must Wogan all impressions! No, no, no, it's not like anyone will mistake that. I've been doing a lot of Woganing. 'Bring back any biscuits!.' 'Or sausages. Or any cream horns.' — This is just Wogan. — It's not!
There’s an urban legend that dialling 999 -- the British equivalent of 911 or 112 -- there's an urban legend that dialling that number will charge your phone battery. And if you look online, you’ll see a couple of police forces in the UK put out press releases saying it’s not true, don’t do it, it ties up an emergency line. And there are articles and comment threads tearing into the people who believe this. How can they be so stupid? What idiot would believe this sort of thing? Except the weird thing is, it’s almost true. Do you remember Blackberries? They were those phones that businesspeople had before actual smartphones came along. Their UK headquarters is behind me, here in Slough. [Despairing] Slough. Back when Blackberry did have a market share above 1%, it wasn't just business people who used their phones: teenagers did too. BBM – BlackBerry Messenger – was the WhatsApp of its day. Instant, free, unlimited text messaging, as long as everyone you knew had a Blackberry phone –- and as long as that phone had battery power. See, when certain types of BlackBerries were really low on battery, they’d go into a locked-down “emergency calls only” mode. No BBM. No anything. You weren’t getting any use out of it. It just said “battery too low for radio use”. It'd let you call the emergency services, just in case, but nothing else. That was a fairly sensible idea by the BlackBerry engineers. But they went about it in a really half-assed way, and they didn’t think what people would actually want to do with their phones. Because there are emergencies that don’t involve calling 999. Being lost or alone or desperate, and just needing to reach one person. [sad music] Mum. I'm sorry. I've made a big mistake. I went to Slough. It turned out that on a Blackberry, if you made an emergency call and then hung up immediately... the radios in the phone stayed on. The phone stayed unlocked. With all its connections intact. It’d last a good few minutes, as it drained the last bits of its power. Except if you locked it, or the screen turned off. Then, depending on the model, you might have to dial 999 again to unlock it. You can see where the myth came from. And mobile phone providers in the UK, they get charged somewhere around a pound every time someone calls 999 through them, even for an instant, so they weren’t too happy about this either. Now, I'm not saying there isn’t a space for careless code in the world, for quickly developed ideas. Heaven knows I've made enough of them. But start cutting corners in a phone that's used by millions of -- was used by millions of people, and suddenly you’ve got enough hoax calls coming in that it starts to block actual emergencies. Tiny decisions that end up making a big difference. I'm going to get out of Slough now. [Translating this video? Add your name here if you'd like credit!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. "All I'm gonna tell you is the whole thing will need ripping out, burning, and starting again, Vicar." And the bounciest man on the Internet, Matt Gray Insert soliloquy here... Thanks Matt. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a a point and a ding [DING]. And there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is And today was are talking about Camille Flammarion. Hello foreign parts. -Yes... absolutely. -Hello. Any guesses as to which foreign part? "France"? Point. Straight off the bat. [DING] Yes. And the wheel spins and lands on France! Again! The wheel is 50% France. "France... rest of the world." Flammarion? Flammarion. OK, we are going to need an occupation here. Yeah, we are. Astronomer and author. It's a long article, so I'm happy to give you that. Astr-author? Astr-author. Yes, he was a-str-author. So he wrote books about astronomy, that were either fact or fiction. Well that's the thing. They were both. I'm going to give you a point. [DING] "Faction!" Isn't that just lies? Oh! Faction is already a word. He wrote both science fiction and popular science God, I hope he didn't get those two mixed up. Ah! Yes, well, funny you should mention that, Gary. "I have the manuscripts here of my important scientific work... "and my one here about men with bum-faces from Venus. "But they both went to the same printer on the same day, in the same envelope!" "We can completely agree with Professor whatever..." -Flammarion! -Flammarion. He was not a professor. "...on gravitational waves, but the bum faced goats from Mars, are a completely different concept." I mean, I'm not going to give you bum faced aliens from Mars -But I will... -Well, there's a first! I am going to give you a point for Mars [DING] He was one of the people who... Canals on Mars? -Point! [DING] Absolutely right. -There we go! Percival Lowell in America, was the one who came up with the theory. But yes, he thought there were artificial canals on Mars. What? For boating? Yeah! Big, big canal boating system. Big recreational holiday market out there, to be honest. Go to Mars. Get a narrowboat. Pootle along the canals of Mars. At a gentle four miles per Mars hour. The canals on Mars were actually what? Motorways. Just rain covered motorways. When they looked at them through the telescope, the light glinted off them. -It was an easy mistake. Anyone could have made it. -Swans landing on it, all the time. All the bloody time. Cobwebs on the telescope? Erm... not quite. Not quite. They were natural formations, weren't they? No! No, not at all. And they weren't artificial formations either. So they weren't formations at all! I will give you a point. [DING] Can you explain what they were? No! I was just being a pedant about what you'd said. There are two possible explanations for the canals. -One... -They're canals! OK, there are three... But one of them was definitely wrong. There are still two, that are... possibly... One is that there was a formation... something they saw, they misinterpreted. The other... is an optical illusion. Like the one when you go to the fair and you walk in and the mirror makes you look all small and fat? Yeah, that it made a load of... Watch it! Watch it, watch it... Watch it! It made a load of points look like lines that connected up, through a slightly dodgy telescope. But! Why canals? It could have been rivers or... -They were straight lines. -They were very straight. So they looked more like canals than rivers. So they looked like irrigation canals. You know what? If I had the ability to do one gigantic s***-stirring effort I would now transport myself to Mars... with a canal boat! Just be there waving. No. Put it out on Mars and half bury it, like it's been there a long time. When the next Mars rover comes over the hill. "Holy s***!" I suppose the Curiosity rover's the size of a big car. Yeah! So if you make it shorter and longer, it's a narrowboat rover. If you just put, I don't know, some... expanding foam sealant around the windows and doors. I'm sure it would be airtight enough. I mean let's face it, the moon lander was made of tin foil. A canal boat's way stronger! Hello NASA? Yes, it's Matt Gray. Put narrowboats on Mars. They've gone. See, this is how the world gets sorted. Yeah! Matt Gray. "Hello World Organisation, it is Matt Gray!" So... Flammarion was... I'm going to try... I'm going to try. I'm not even off tangent. We're talking about canals on Mars. Yeah, yeah! Oh yeah! This is perfectly on stream! How did we stay relevant?! It's a skill! I dunno? Six years later, how are we still relevant? Flammarion was both scientist and... very much not a scientist. So he was exposed to two very different lines of thought. One of them was very much scientific method. Who in his era would have been the person, standing at the front of, "this is science against religion"? The chief scientist? Darwin! Point. [DING] Exactly right. And then on the other hand, the rising popularity of what less scientific movement? Roller skating? Not really... I mean, it is a movement! Very movement! Straight line, forwards or backwards. Yes. Bowel? Not a bowel movement! No, we're not having... Chris, save us! Cubism? Way too early. I don't know! Spiritualism. -The idea that... -"Knock three times...." Yes, the idea that you could talk to the dead. So he was astronomer, mystic and story teller. In a time when... Liar, liar... and liar! No, astronomer! This is the thing. This is where astronomy and astrology hadn't quite sorted each other out yet. Diverged, yeah. So in 1907, he wrote that dwellers on Mars had tried to communicate with the Earth. Naturally. And also that what was heading towards Earth? -Cylinders... -Following cylinders! No one would have believed in the last years of the nineteenth century that canals on Mars were being observed... No. Not in this case. Something from a little bit further out. Asteroid? Asteroid. Aste... Uranus?! You're very close with asteroid. Comet? Point! [DING] for that. Comet is absolutely right. A seven tailed comet. Are you sure that's not just a very badly focused telescope again? Well that was the thing, yes! It seems to be swirling in a spiral! A small comet's seen, it did not have seven tails. "He's using the kaleidoscope again, isn't he?" They are in a formation, where there is one at the top, one on each side... and there is an upside down one at the bottom. Oh ****ing hell! Giant spiders in space! Along those lines, 1910, what astronomical event revisited us? Halley's. Yeah, you got there first again, have a point. [DING] He caused a bit of a fuss, did Flammarion. Earth was actually going to pass through the tail of Halley's comet. For the first time. And we also, for the first time, had spectroscopic data on what it was composed of. So they looked at the light coming out of it, to find out what... To find out what elements and what stuff was in the tail, that Earth was going to pass through. I'm surprised they could do that then. Yep! 1910. It's the first time they were able to do it. So it was a close approach. We were passing through the tail. What did Flammarion say... "We're all going to die!" Point! [DING] But how? Bearing in mind they now knew what the tail was composed of and what some of the stuff... Poisoning! Asphyxiation! Yes! Absolutely right. Poison gas. [DING] There was a cyanogen, which is (CN)₂. There are brackets there, so it's 2 of each. Colourless, toxic gas. And apparently he thought "well that's in the tail of the comet." "We're going to pass through the tail of the comet." "WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE!" He was wrong. Hello! No way! Really? He said it would impregnate the atmosphere and possibly snuff out all life on the planet. Did he use the words 'snuff out'? Erm, I... -I hope so. -Being French... "Ze snuff." I would have thought he would have done that in French. I believe that is a translation. "C'est buggered!" What did it cause? PANIC! To a certain extent. I'll give you a point. [DING] MILD DISQUIET! Witty headlines! A jump in sale of wine. A jump in the sale of something. Lifeboats? Umbrellas? Wills? Gas masks? Point. [DING] Absolutely right. So in 1910, he essentially caused a slight panic buy of gas masks. Could be handy a few years later, eh? -I refrained from making that joke. -That's not unfair... But yes, that was one of the things. Then he wrote a series of science fiction books. One of which was called 'Real and Imaginary Worlds'. -I'm going to guess it was more imaginary than real. -I can only think of one real one he knew anything about. And he was also wrong. Now we have talked about psychics, mediums and all this before Several times. Several times, but the approach here was somewhat different. So are we looking for the scientific analysis of ghosts? Point. [DING] Yes, he was looking at it from the scientific method. And... for the time... was remarkably skeptical. OK. There is a wonderful quote here. "It is infinitely to be regretted that we cannot trust the loyalty of mediums. They almost always cheat." How very dare he. That doesn't mean he didn't believe it. But he was certainly very skeptical about it. He thought they were doing it the wrong way? He thought it might be possible, but... What he needed wasn't a medium. And I know it would be very hard to find in France, but he needed a well done. I'm not biscuiting that! I'm just... I'm not! Oh come on, that's beautiful. That's good stuff. It's a rare thing in France. Have I mentioned before I've actually been to a spiritualist service? -Is that like a church service? -Yeah. No, no, he just took his spiritualist in for a tune up(!) No... no! -I actually meant... -"The readings are a bit off. They need..." -I meant this as a valid question. -Yeah, as in... I went to be serviced by a spiritualist? No, no, I had a day... That's very different, Matt! I can tell you now, that's not what happened! No, no. I'd been out with a friend of mine. I'd had a few. I will admit this. And I walked past. And there is a Spiritualist church, near where I lived. And there was a sign in the window saying... "Display of Mediumship Tonight". And I thought... in for a laugh! Yeah, OK. So I snuck in. I went up, and in the first row of this building. It was like this... church! They had fitted it out with pews and a pulpit and an altar and the lot! And this bloke was stood in the pulpit, doing... effectively, live spiritualist... this was the big religion of the early 20th century. This even took in Rudyard Kipling after his son was killed. There were thousands. People were really into it and it still hangs on in certain parts. Is this like the American stuff? Yeah, exactly the same, yeah. But he's doing live. It was... s***! I can't put it any different, it was ####! I was expecting any other word there. I walked in. I thought, "OK, I'm... You know, there's lots of older ladies in there". And I thought, well, as the new... bloke in the room... if he wants to show off... he's going to pick on me. He could... I'd had a few. I'm open to anything, and if he could pick something out that... he doesn't know, I'll be genuinely impressed. If nothing else, in his skill at cold reading. He just stood there, and this is a mill town in the north of England... right, and goes... "Now, I'm... I'm getting the vision of someone... who worked... in a factory." "Maybe on some kind of cloth... machine?" "They were called... Edith." And at one point, someone would go "Oh yeah! Yeah, that's my sister's friend, when I was younger." That... far away... a link! "Now! He's saying something about money." I mean... I could do this s***! "Is there a problem with..." There was one were he said something like "Is there a problem with a child?" And she's kinda, "No!" "Erm? Oh, the readings are very fuzzy from the other side." "Is there a problem with children or young people at all?" "No?" "It's for the future!" Oh yes! And that's how you do it! At that point, I gave an audible "HA!" from the back. It was terrible. I could do it. Stand in front of a room. Say some old people's names. And if you get it wrong, just go "Oh, it'll make sense one day." and carry on! Is this a religion? Yeah! They sang hymns and everything at the end. Then had a glass of orange squash. wobbled out and got a samosa butty on the way home. And got what? A samosa butty. How northern is that phrase? It's a deep fried pastry, with spiced meat inside. The Empire... In a bap! Yeah! -Bread roll, for those... -In a bread roll, with a bit of mint sauce. The Empire made it to the north. That sounds nice. I want to try that now. It's beautiful! Don't! No... that's... no, that's double carbs, which I... Chip butty! Burrito. Yeah, never mind. Yeah! -It's three! -I withdraw my objection. The number of times I've come back, with a big splodge of yogurt sauce down my front after one. I'm sorry, what? -At least that's what I told the rest of you. -After he'd been serviced by the Spiritualist. Seriously, Flammarion was simultaneously quite a believer and quite a skeptic. He was sure there was something. But, as he looked at it, he kept finding it can't be that, it can't be that. Martians! Or... or Martians! Martian canal boat dwellers. Beaming their thoughts down. Buy me a new pot plant or one of those nicely painted watering cans... Gonna say that. With a... with a plant in it. That's obviously from the north of Mars. Every planet has a north! What can I tell you? It's kinda sad really, because he seems to have had the scientific method and really... both wants to prove it properly. Scientifically. And also really wants to believe, and is going, "I'm just... there must be something there!" And I'm going really high pitched. But you know? Yep, that's absolutely the case. Had a massive influence on a number of people. And has quite a few things named after him. Any ideas? Stars? - No... - Comets? -Er... Asteroids? -Yes! [DING] A ghost?! Ah... Well... His own ghost?! Yeah! It was incredibly convenient. Asteroids also named after his sister, his niece, perhaps his first wife. Did he name them? Er... No! Oh! No he's just very well respected for what he did for astronomy and for science. And also, not canals on Mars, what else is named on Mars? Mountains? Volcanoes? -The opposite... -Valleys? -There's a word... -Craters? -Point [DING] Craters. Absolutely right. -Holes! Upside down hills. -Holes! -Oh yes. Oh yes. As we Martians... I've said too much already! With that, congratulations Matt. You win this week's show. Yeah! You win a highly expensive summary of the life of an American horror actor. It's Vincent Price's very pricey précis. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel. Gary Brannan. Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott and we'll see you next time. Just hit myself in the face. Worth it. Whole day, worth it for that! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! Hello! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! Yes, I did order a Crunch Corner, but not that crunchy. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Izzy. Whizzy. Let's get... busy! In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING] and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about Camp Bonifas. Is that like a smiley Guantanamo? -- Camp Bonny-face! -- Bonny-face. I mean... I mean, I'm giving you a vague point, because it's a United Nations Command military post. [DING] So it's not the US, but it is 'camp' in the sense of military post, so I will give you the point. Camp in what other sense?! Ooh! In the sense of a place you go to camp with a tent! -- What, you mean... -- "Look at his camp bonny face!" -- Actually, given that 'bona' is actually Polari... -- Oh, it is! That's not actually all that wrong. Yeah. Polari being the language of gay men in the 1950s and 60s, descended from carnival speak. So, if you hear Kenneth Williams -- Julian and Sandy -- you know, "vada your eek" means "he's got quite a nice face". Stuff like that. It's how gay men would talk to each other, so that the police and other people couldn't hear them, 'cos obviously homosexuality was entirely illegal. Oh! And it's a star as well, isn't it? Polari... that's Polaris. That's something else. That's not quite... Actually, loads of Polari has made it into regular English. Looking through... barney, having a barney, having a fight with someone, is in there. What else have we got in there? To zhoozh up, a zhoozhing bag, is to do your hair and have a handbag, or something like that. -- And naff. -- Naff! As terrible. Basically, as with so many things, the rest of Britain just went: "we'll have some of that". Bringing this all back: Camp Bonny-face... Derailed that one! ...does not... and it's Bonifas! ... does not mean just someone with a nice face, sadly. Why is it, when you say "United Nations Command Centre", I immediately think "damn, that's exciting!" It'd just be lots of... That's because you grew up on Gerry Anderson and Thunderbirds! Anything! United Nations Command Centre! Nah, it's lots of dull men looking at laptops. -- It's four men with laptops in a hotel room. -- Yeah. We're not in a hotel room here. Definitely not in a hotel room. -- It's an actual camp. -- Is it an actual camp? It's an actual camp, in the sense of military encampment. -- Europe? -- Oh, definitely not. -- America? -- Also no. -- Middle East! -- No, you're all wrong... -- Something Spanish-y! -- United Nations. -- Arctic! Antarctic! -- No... So not something Spanish-ish? No. You've listed most of the regions of the world, I think you've missed three continents so far... -- Africa! -- Two continents remaining. -- Australia! -- One continent remaining. -- Asia! -- There we go! [DING] Literally the last continent to be named. It's not 'cos we didn't like you, we're just saving you for last. That's a terrible chat-up line, Gary. Worked for me(!) Do you want that on the cutting room floor or not? It reflects worse on me than... So where is there going to be a United Nations Command Post in Asia? -- Is it Korea? -- Yes! [DING] You're absolutely right. And I'm going to ask a loaded question here, so have a point, Which one? The bottom one! Can I say neither? Gary gets the point there. [DING] Is it the one that's on the border? Yes it is! Well, it was. It's now become various other things, but yes, this was the United Nations Command military post 400 metres south of the southern boundary of the Korean DMZ. Right. 'Cos that's the one where you have North Korean soldiers on one side of the room staring at South Korean soldiers on the other side of the room -- and they never communicate. -- And never the twain shall meet. Are they being that person in the fight going "ey! ey!" and holding the other two back? Essentially, yes. That was part of their job. It was returned to being Korean territory in 2006, but yes, this was for many, many years the home to the batallion who oversaw the armistice agreement. So what can you find there? What could you find there? Portakabins, wasn't it? It was just like school classrooms that were effectively -- that was the channel you would go through for whatever immigration was. Yeah, I'll give you a point. [DING] Small collection of buildings, surrounded by triple coils of razor wire. Oh, that's not good. "It would look like a big Boy Scout camp if it wasn't for..." -- Goofball surgeons! -- The guns! -- All the Korean men with guns! -- The bibimbap! -- All the land mines. -- Point! [DING] If it wasn't for the land mines that surrounded it, yes. Can I just point out: must've not been on a Yorkshire Scout camp. Were you a Scout? Yes I was a Scout! I was a Beaver, I was a Cub, I was a Scout. And I was in the St John's Ambulance as well. Yeah. I did most of the full thing, apart from becoming a Venture Scout. Did you hurt yourself? Is that how you got in the Ambulance? No, no! My Scout troop had so few Scouts in it after spending weeks where we built an Airfix kit, shelled a crab... What, artillery shelled a crab? Yeah, there's just one crab in the middle of... "Bollocks to that!" It was a lad called John Crabbe, actually. We built a small balloon as well one night out of tissue paper, with a little basket underneath with paraffin, that raced to the roof and then it set on fire. And that's how I learned how to use a CO2 fire extinguisher! You see, that's a useful skill! I think I learned more off that than tying f***ing knots, I'm going to be honest with you! And then one night we tried cooking on a cooker, one of those little paraffin cookers, and it just leaked everywhere and set the place on fire. -- Again! -- There's a pattern here. Shut down shortly afterwards, what can I say? And you were a Scout, weren't you? I was a Scout, your Scouts were s***. -- You were a proper Scout. -- I was, yeah. We used to go and build zip lines in the woods and go off camping on our own. Yeah, maybe so, but did you ever win the Scout Eurovision? No, thank god, we never entered! Basically, adorable kids singing adorable songs in adorable costumes. I did... You had a very different Scouting experience! Well, we went Scouting instead! Yeah, we didn't. See, you did things with wood and axes... Wood and mountains and axes and fires! I sang the solo in "My Mummy Is One In A Million". Actually, to be fair, by the time I actually got to Scouts the first two years were spent fighting. Literally, two hours a week, go down, have a rumble, then eventually we changed leaders! We did so some... we did do that one where you fill a boxing glove with sand, tie it to a rope, and spin it round, you've got to jump over it. "That one"! D'you ever play Barrels? I don't... which one's Barrels? Barrels is three water barrels in the middle of a room... Oh f***. Full, if you're feeling particularly vindictive, then the whole troop joins together in a circle. Give us your arm. -- This one or that one? -- Like that. -- Like that. -- Yeah. -- And then you run in a circle... -- Oh god. And if you let go, or if you hit the barrels, you're out. Naturally, this eventually leads to some of the 11-year-olds being put between two 16-year-olds and smashed into the barrels! Although, I've said the boxing glove one, I've just remembered now, one week we did replace the boxing glove with an axe. Nice! That's more the level we're at! That's more your level of Scouting. I will make the point: South Yorkshire Scouts, West Yorkshire Scouts. Whereas I had a Commodore 64. Yeah, I did not do any... I thought you were going to say you were in the Navy! "Whereas I was in the Navy!" "Where I had a Commodore!" -- So yes. -- What were we talking about? Camp Bonifas! Which would look like a big Boy Scout camp... Would look like a South Yorkshire Boy Scout camp... Actually, yeah, we did use to have a load of old ammunition tins. Some of 'em still with ammunition in, but... So there was one other thing you'd find there. The kind of thing you would find if you had, say, some bored commanders who were all used to doing a certain thing with each other. Pornography. No. A steam room! Oh, definitely not. Battleships! The board game. It's certainly a game. Actual battleships! Not in the DMZ? It's a little bit to the side there. Golf! Point. [DING] What was called "the most dangerous hole in golf", a 3-par, one-hole golf course. It's got an astroturf green... ...and land mines! And surrounded on three sides by minefields, yes! "Mulligan!" "No mulligans in this game, go out and get it!" "There's the map, good luck!" Allegedly one tee shot did actually set off a land mine. Oh, brilliant! "It's in the rough!" Yeah, you would actually enjoy that, wouldn't you? That'd be such a great stress relief. Well, it's a tee shot, it's got a bit of distance on it, it's fine! If you're, like, what, three par? So there's a good walk there for a start. That land mine going off in the distance'll look f***ing brilliant! You just get a low golf clap from the distance. Oh, now that's definitely not what happened at one point. Because the name of Camp Bonifas, it was originally Camp Kitty Hawk. What happened... I mean, the name of it kind of gives it away, this is the Axe Murder incident. Now obviously... What happened? I'm not giving you a point for successfully guessing that there was an axe murder. But what happened in the DMZ? Did someone wander into the DMZ by accident? -- Not by accident. -- On purpose? You wouldn't need the axes, would you, 'cos you've got land mines for that business. Did the person that was wandering have the axe? They had an axe. Why would you go into the DMZ with an axe? -- Cut a tree down! -- Point! [DING] Absolutely right. -- Some of the southern side... -- This is starting to ring a bell now. Can't think why, but it is. Some folks from the southern side went in to cut down a poplar tree that was blocking the UN observers. The North Koreans promptly arrived with axes of their own and the tree was not being chopped down any more, and... One of the people killed was called Bonifas, that's where the name of the camp came from. Three days later, American - South Korean forces, they launched an operation to cut down the tree with a show of force. What did they call that operation? Name... Thor! Legendary American who cut down trees. Washing...ton...? No... oh, that's chopping down cherry trees. Is it the person with the stupid hat? -- Davy Crockett? -- No, he planted trees! That was Johnny Appleseed! We've named every tree-related American here and we haven't quite worked.... Americans in the comments will be screaming at you at this point! We don't know! We're not from there! Famous giant lumberjack, American folklore... Paul Bunyan. -- Never heard that. -- Never heard of it! -- Never heard those words before. -- Wow, okay! I've heard the word Paul, and I've heard the word "bunion", but I've never used... -- Only in the sense of something on your foot! -- Yeah! Americans, we don't know about Paul Bunyan, in the same way that you don't know about Michael Barrymore. All right? That's not really the same way, I'll be honest. Different order of magnitude there. Different order of magnitude. -- More Finn McCool. -- Oh, yes! Yes, we've talked about that before. More Finn McCool. Yeah, okay. Actually, that's a really good... Michael Barrymore is not... I think you'll find he was a giant of light entertainment, though. What, Finn McCool?! Yeah! Saturday nights. "Appearing up on the rocks tonight!" So what is at the DMZ now? A tree with a hole in the bottom of it! The tree is gone. The tree is gone. At least they won their cause(!) Yeah, they did! And North Korea accepted that, yes, "yes, okay, we probably shouldn't have done that, "yes, you've just sent in a lot of soldiers to chop down that tree, "haven't you? Okay, yes." "Have the tree! Have several!" I don't... a plaque or something like that? Tourists! Point. [DING] That's the bit you can go and visit, isn't it? You can actually go in a bit further now, if you actually get permission to go in, you can get to the crossing point, you can technically enter North Korea briefly. There are even tour companies that do things, but you have to pay a naughty government some money. Yes, it is possible to get to the DMZ if you're a tourist with a lot of permissions and a lot of papers signed now. Which is closer than Camp Bonifas ever was. The camp itself has been handed back to Korea. But they have the Korean version of Buckingham Palace guards! -- Yes they do. -- They're just two men standing there, one of whom's fine with you being there, the other who deletes the photos off your camera. -- One tells the truth, and one always lies. -- I was going to say! And one shoots people who ask awkward questions. Why don't more borders work like that? In the "one tells the truth, the other only lies" fashion? Because everybody's seen Labyrinth! It'd be pointless! Everybody knows the answer! But that's fine! That's a lovely system to filter who comes in and out of your country! If you've seen David Bowie's bulge you're allowed in. I knew it! I knew we were headed for David Bowie's bulge. It had to happen, didn't it? I'm going to say this: you deserve it, if you've sat through that. Like the time I discovered the zoom function on my DVD player while my wife was out of the room. And the loop feature as well. So when she came back in, there was a zoomed-in, looped version of David B-- the late David Bowie's-- cock and balls dancing all over the telly. Not the cock and balls! Just the crotch! -- Different video! -- Well, no, this is the scene where he's not got the cup on. There's a point where they got him the codpiece and there are scenes they shot beforehand where they went "oh boy, you can see the whole lot there". "You know, it's like a party down there." "It's like several puppies in a paper bag." It's during the Magic Dance sequence, where he's dancing from side to side, going 'Dance, magic dance', that bit. That's the bit he doesn't have the Crotchulator on... The Crotchulator! Worst gym machine ever. "Crotch you now... crotch you later!" It's like a helicopter sideways on. That's a plane, Gary. At the end of the show, congratulations Gary, you win this one! Congraulations, you win a circular muscle with the head of man and the body of a lion. Oh no... It's this sphinxter. Urgh! Urgh! -- Worst superhero ever. -- Where's... So with that we say thank you to Chris Joel! Where does the muscle go between the other parts? To Gary Brannan! To Matt Gray! Clenching. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time. It's just going to go... "Why is the lion walking like that?!" [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
- I find it difficult to tell stories about people sometimes, but today's guest has no such problem. I first met Evan Hadfield on a trip to the Arctic. He is a man who somehow has the ability to de-escalate any argument. Or maybe all Canadians can do that, I don't know. His channel is called Rare Earth, and he travels the world telling human stories. Evan, it's all yours. - On Rare Earth, we like to take symbols from a country that maybe you've not been to yet and show how they fit into the bigger picture of your own life. And because Tom caught me at home, I want to do this on my country, on Canada. And more specifically I want to do it on a sexually repressed, hypocritical, guilt-ridden, prostitute-visiting mama's boy, our 10th Prime Minister. He's a good example of how you don't have to be great at being a person to be a great politician. What drives someone to become a politician? To me it always seemed like such a terrible job. Nobody likes you, and it really doesn't make as much money as it seems. There isn't even really that much power in it. It's kind of like being a dentist with bad pay. But there is something you get as a politician that you can get unlike almost anywhere else, and that's a legacy. Canada's wartime prime minister is not a man we all remember fondly. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis on how Asian people would never be able to integrate into other societies only to then watch them integrate into his society. Even though he was our wartime prime minister and he hated the Nazis, because of his love of the occult, he kinda felt like this Adolf guy might be the one to lead Germany to glory. A lifetime bachelor whose only sexual relations came from prostitutes that he then beat himself up over, he regularly took advice from the ghost of his dead mother, and potentially even that of his dead dog. There's some other stuff too, but you get the picture. That's our most successful guy. William Lyon Mackenzie King. He's dead now. Everyone in this story is dead now. Except me, I guess, depending on when you watch this. But at one point he was Canada's longest serving prime minister. He ran the country through the Depression and the Second World War. FDR was President for 12 years, but Mackenzie King was Prime Minister for 21. And he would have been elected again had he not aged out. By any definition, he was an incredibly successful politician. And that's the heart of this. I'm not gonna bore you with his economic plan, I'm not even gonna click-bait you with his racism and blind eye towards Hitler, because neither of those were truly the purpose behind King's civil service. They weren't why he became a politician. What I want to talk to you about is the driving force of legacy and the value of being weird. Now, I know what you're thinking. Weird isn't a very concise term. There is no scientific definition of weird. This is Tom Scott's channel and "weird" simply won't do. But he was. Pretty much everybody who knew him agreed to the point that his nickname was Weird Willy. He was a firm believer in the occult, going so far as to study his shaving cream for political omens. Churchill and Roosevelt clearly couldn't stand him even though he'd done virtually everything they'd asked. In pictures they look strained just to be around him. Which makes sense: he was a generally uncomfortable guy to be around. Between his Norman Bates-style relationship with his mother and his constantly replacing dead dogs named Pat with live dogs named Pat, he built a name in Ottawa as one of Canada's most eccentric men. But despite his faults, King was a political mastermind. The voting public didn't really care about his personality, so long as the war, economy, and Quebec were all managed well. What they wanted was Canada's promise of peace, prosperity, and good government. And King could provide it. In spite of his faults, no one would deny that in a time of incredibly basic polling, he always somehow seemed to understand the will of the people. But I supposed he was built a bit differently, after all, government is rarely a first choice, but for King it was a calling. He believed that his dreams were visions, and he followed them. To him his life's divine purpose was to restore his family legacy. And if it took ruling the entire country to do so, that's what he was gonna do. From a young age King was obsessed with his famous grandfather, also named William Lyon Mackenzie, just without the King, which is in itself a joke because his defining moment came in trying to free Canada from the monarchy. So, you know, no King in the name?... you get it. In the mid-1800s with Mackenzie as the mayor of Toronto, rebels hiding out in the US declared themselves the Republic of Canada, and invaded it. Their intent was overthrowing British rule in favour of an independent state, or, depending on how the Québécois fared, states. Once free of British tyranny, these states would presumably be gobbled up by their neighbour to the south, but it wasn't to be. Britain won. William Lyon Mackenzie's memory, and the Republic he stood for, died with little fanfare. He remained in public life but was essentially forgotten. It's possible he'd remain that way to this day if not for his grandson. At his grandfather's graveside in Toronto, that weird occult mama's boy began a journey that would redefine this country. It would redefine the legacy his ancestor left behind. Sure, it wasn't yet a fire, but his grandfather's rebellion had sparked something in Canada. Soon afterwards we'd be voting for our own prime minister. King would be the 10th. And really his timing was perfect. It would be an American century and it didn't take a fortune teller to see that. Canadians had been warming to the idea of a new mother country, a new empire to bow to. At the turn of the 20th century, the Republican ideals that had driven those rebels less than 100 years before were stronger than ever. Having been dragged head first into World War I without a vote, devastated by indifferent British generals, Canada was ready to change best friends. We may have won the war, but Britain had asked us to give everything for her, everything, for a war that meant nothing. In a population of under eight million, over half a million of us went to Europe. My family died in Europe. The next time we'd vote, we had a leader who wasn't afraid to say no to Britain, to say no to conscription. We'd never be forced into war without a vote again, not for Britain, not for our new friend America. Mother could no longer come calling. To the people, that right had died in Ypres. But to Mackenzie King, it died with his grandfather. Those days were over. Whether it was through his own backbone or the will of his voters, King led us into a new era. He saw himself not as a person but as a vessel for legacy, and in turn we voted for him, not as a person, but as a vessel for legacy, just ours, not his. William Lyon Mackenzie King was not a good person. He wasn't even really good at being a person. He was weird, nobody liked him, and he died alone. But he changed this country's future because there's one thing you can get as a politician unlike anywhere else, even if you're weird, and that's a legacy. And that's the point of today's episode. The drive that leads us to glory. Maybe it was just a case of 'right place, right time', perhaps he was little more than an expression of the changing national mood. I'm certainly not saying that the key to good politics is poor behaviour or acting strangely, but it worked in its time. When you strip everything away, Mackenzie King's grandfather wanted Canada and the United States to be friends. A strange man sacrificed his whole life towards personal ends, and as a result, here we are: friends. A weirdo may have led us there, but it doesn't really matter who he was, and he knew that, because the legacy remains. Thanks for listening, everybody. This is Rare Earth. - Seasons One and Two of Rare Earth are online now from Japan and Cambodia. And Evan is working on Season Three right now. So, go watch and go subscribe. I would recommend starting with his video about the Last Elephants of Cambodia. And that's it. That's this run of guest videos. Unless disaster has struck, I will see you next week.
There is an old saying that "it's too cold to snow". Now a lot of people will say, that's obviously rubbish, it can snow at any temperature. which, okay, is sort of true. Let's rule out some technicalities to start off with. First of all, we are talking about snow made of water here, not the methane snow that you might get on Titan or some other planet. And of course, at cryogenic temperatures the kind of temperatures where oxygen and nitrogen become liquid, it's certainly too cold to snow unless you start having a very strange definition of snow. We are talking about the regular planet Earth, ice water snow, like that's suddenly started falling just here. As air gets colder, it has much less capacity to hold water vapor. It gets saturated far far quicker. That's because when it's cold, the individual water molecules are much more likely to condense into liquid and much less likely to evaporate out into vapour. So cold air is much more likely to have already gotten rid of its water by forming clouds somewhere else over there. So cold air is drier, and therefore it's too cold to snow. But there are a few other factors involved too. The temperature down here - while it's quite cold at the minute - is not the same as up there. Well, obviously, it's much colder up there. But they don't normally follow each other in lockstep. Just because it's cold and dry down here doesn't mean the ice crystals aren't forming up there in the clouds. And that's if there is any cloud up there, of course. That's the other problem. Let's not forget that snow can only form if there's some cloud to form it in. Clouds are also really good at reflecting the heat from the earth back at the surface. If there's no cloud, sure, there definitely won't be snow, but it's also going to be much colder because the heat isn't trapped below that cloud layer. So the cause and effect is sort of the wrong way round there, but you can see where the old wives' tale comes from. Yes, for those reasons, as the temperature drops further and further and further snow becomes less and less and less likely. There is some truth to the old saying. It can be too cold to snow. It is very cold here right now, though, and I am going back inside. Aagh! It's down the back of my neck! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
If you've never watched this before, you're in for a treat(!) Every season we get new people. You... oh my god, the s*** you're about to endure, let's face it! Go back to the start, make your decision from there! No, go back to like season 3. We hit our stride about then, I think. Oh, thanks for dissing our early work, you ****! I sat in a small room just outside... where was it, not Carlisle... Wrexham! - Wrexham! - Not Carlisle?! There's 100 miles in it! Is this because it's all top left? F***ing hell, in cosmic terms that's spot on! Don't get all Carl Sagan on my arse! 'Carl Sagan's Carlisle'! If you're getting a cheap day return it's not exactly... "Oh, in a cosmic sense it's the same..." You try telling that to the person manning the exit barriers at Carlisle Station! I think you'll find that's why I lost my job as a f***ing Uber driver. Carl Sagan's Carlisle: "you find me here in the lovely town on the borders of Scotland". "I should be 100 miles further south..." Where Carl Sagan from?! - Carlisle! - Canada! Gentlemen, we have peaked too soon. - Tell me about it. - Speak for yourselves. "Speak for yourself, ducky." Do you want to explain the rules? Nah, f*** it. It's like all the others! Today's...
This is the Technical Difficulties, we’re playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it’s Chris Joel. Hello again, my beauties! Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. And of course, the thing you must not do if the ape is enraged is the Macarena. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Marhaba, YouTube. In front of me I’ve got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding, and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... And today we are talking about Charles Blondin. Which gives us exactly nothing to go on, apart... I mean, the way I pronounce that gives you a bit of a hint. Français? Yes, absolutely right. He was French. Oh, the wheel spins and lands on France…! It’s not a wheel! It’s just a piece of cardboard with an arrow saying France! Charles Blondin, also known as The Great Blondin. Did he do something with hot air balloons? That sounds like you know that. Well, it’s a stunt man-y sort of name, isn’t it? I know France did hot air balloons. That was the Montgolfier brothers. - See? France did hot air balloons! - He’s right, you know. I mean he’s not wrong, he’s not wrong, but no. He’s not wrong and yet, in the back of your mind, the phrase is: "how do I say he is wrong?" That's fair. Yes, Chevalier Blondin, or The Great Blondin. Magician? Certainly that sort of entertainer, that sort of genre… Strongman. Oh, was he like that bit in Ocean’s Eleven with the acrobatics to steal the money from the vault? We are looking for a specific acrobatic trick here. Something that you’d be known for. It wasn’t like Henry IV’s favourite acrobat? I think it’s Henry IV, I might be... medievalists out there, apologies I might have got the wrong king there, who was known for a whistle, a tumble and a fart. That was his act. And he was knighted because the king thought it was so funny. Apparently, Roland the Farter. Roland the Farter! That's it. Roland the Farter. You’re not getting points for this, but you are right. This was King Henry II, in medieval times. A medieval flatulist who each year, in exchange for 30 acres of land, was obliged to perform a jump, a whistle and a fart. Can I just take a moment here for "flatulist"? Yes! Now I know this 'cos Wikipedia has a list of flatulists. Yes, yes they do. What wasn’t he actually doing? He wasn’t actually breaking wind. He was actually... This is going to grim. He was able to suck wind in, and then blow it out again through muscle power, I assume. And because that was technically a question I asked, you’re getting the point. Ever felt you’re on home turf with a subject? We are looking for a specific acrobatic act that Charles Blondin was famous for. The windy-windy-falling-fabric thing! - Aerial silks! - Aerial silks! No. What have you got, Chris? The flat-o-mer-boing-a-mi-thing! Slackline? Trampo-mo-line! Trampo-mo-line, no. The high-rope-walkalongy… Yes! Is he the one that walked between big buildings? No, that’s Philippe Petit. Yes, this was… Wasn’t he French? Yes, hence the name Philippe Petit! No, but you said it more "Philip Petty", though. He’s Philip Petty! Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers' brother. You’re absolutely right, it is the walky-longy-not-fally-downy-thing. Correct. The elastomastring! He was a tightrope walker. He came up with the idea to cross a certain thing on a tightrope. Oh, Thingy Falls. I’m not allowing you Thingy Falls! Niagara. That’s the one, Thingy. Yes, you’re absolutely right, Niagara Falls. I knew what you meant. Widey! Big! Dangerous! Yeah, Thingy Falls! Widey Falls, not Tall Falls. Victoria, tall… wide. It’s going to be curved in, it’s going to be like that… Oh, that’s where I went wrong, I need my hands that way. Have you ever rubbed a waterfall? Don’t get your hands backwards. You don’t want to rub it the wrong way. Actually you were trying to push the water back up weren’t you? Get-- ugh!-- what is Cnut doing in the wave pool? Stood at the bottom, like Atlas, failing. You’re sort of, “Why is no one else as bothered about this as me?” “The sea will be empty, the fish will... “...opposite of drown!” Asphyxiate, Gary! “The fish are drowning! They seem fine with it, though...” You should have seen Noah trying to load them onto the Ark! Did not like it, did not like it at all. “There’s going to be a flood! Get the fish on!” A long time ago... You’re absolutely right, he was the first to cross Niagara… What did he do, insult it or something? To cross Niagara Falls on a tightrope. What did he then go back and do? Fetch the other end of the rope and walk back with it. Oh, what an act! You’d pay to see it. Well he did some other acts on the tightrope. Whistle, tumble, fart? Famous mid-air, tightrope walking flatulist. Hell of an entry on Wikipedia, let's face it. There were some theatrical variations, it says here, on the idea of… Oh, he wore a hat. Well he wore something. His wife. He carried his manager. I think the idea of carrying a person is close enough, I’m going to give you the point there. Is that in case he had any border issues at the other end? No, it’s in case he wasn’t getting a big enough cut. Someone to negotiate with him on the other side. Negotiate at the top of the Niagara Falls! Hey, you’d agree quick, though, wouldn’t you? Also: in a sack, on stilts, not at the same time, and also… He was in a sack? Yes, he was in a sack. How did he tightrope walk in a sack? - Carefully. - You put it on the top, not the bottom. Oh, right, with you, sorry, yeah. Sack racing across a tightrope. I would defo… never mind over Niagara Falls! Well, two people, think about the overtaking! Yes, you could see the waveform on the line. Does that mean they next did an egg and spoon race over Niagara Falls? Are we talking tightrope sport race? Sports race? Sports day. Matt. Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt. You are so close… Because unbelievably the word “egg” is the accurate one in there. What did he do in the middle of a tightrope, over Niagara Falls in about 1860? Fry an omelette. Omelette. Oi, I was saying that! But how did I get that afterwards? I was doing it better! And Chris steals the point! He cooked and ate an omelette on a tightrope in the middle of Niagara Falls. What? On what? - Well, the tightrope. - Pan. Yeah, alright knobhead, but what? Because that means a heat source, so you’ve got to have a little cooking stove or something balanced on... But what’s that balanced on? - His hand. - His hand! How the f*** is he carrying a thing, and a thing, and what’s-a, on a balance…? Well, that is the trick. That is literally the act he is being paid to do. That is why it’s impressive, Gary. He also stood on a chair, with one chair leg on the rope, on Niagara.. No, no, no, no, no, no... 50 metres above the water. How big is this wire by the way, while we’re on it? Well quite long 'cos it has to go across Niagara Falls. What’s the diameter of this wire? Cheesewire! Oh no. Ooh, just slices of feet. What I’d like y'all to do at this point is to gesture how big you think this wire is. What, thickness wise? - Girth? - Yes, girth. - That big? - That big? Have you just made whatever happens to be the size of your…? No, no, I’m thinking of cable for... I’m thinking how big it would be for your feet to comfortably sit on and be attached, so it can’t be much bigger than about that, I wouldn’t have thought. Yeah, Gary you’ve basically got it spot on. Eight and a bit centimetres, you’re absolutely right. Oh. Balls to this, I can’t actually see the man do the egg. I’d rather I was closer to him so I could witness how good the omelette was. I’m sorry, if he’s going to show off I’m going to get picky as well. Is it going to be Saturday Kitchen where they try and do it under a minute? Omelette Challenge. 60 seconds. That’s a reference that not many people are going to get isn’t it? Now there is a sentence in this article. Obviously, at this point -- he was born in France, he’s moved to the US to do this sort of thing. While in the US he married someone called Charlotte Lawrence. What’s strange about that? Is he a bigamist? Well, we don’t know. I’ll give you the point because the phrase here is: "while in the US he married a second wife". That indicates you’re a bigamist. And then slightly earlier it says he married Marie Blancherie, and it is not known what happened to his French family after he went to America. So I will give you the point. It’s quite possible that he divorced her or that something else happened. It’s not recorded in here. Can you imagine being his first wife, thinking your husband’s disappeared, never to be heard of again, and picking up Le Monde and seeing the front page, “Man Cooks Egg Over Niagara Falls” and going “b******!” Oh yes, because it was definitely front-page-worthy. Oh, yeah! What, you think this isn’t? Blondin came back to Europe, lived in the UK, retired for a while and then made a reappearance in the sort of manner you’d expect stars who are in need of money to do. I’m a Celebrity. Something that existed at the end of the 19th century and still exists now. Panto. Yes. You are absolutely right. He appeared in Jack and the Beanstalk at the Crystal Palace. Not at Crystal Palace, at the Crystal Palace. I’m going to guess that what he did is his tightrope act on was, maybe, the beanstalk. I’m going to suggest that might be it, it’s not recorded here but, yes. Nah, he was the front end of the panto horse. While on the beanstalk. Back end, not a tightrope walker, clinging on desperately. It’s like, you have to put some tightrope walking in there, because this guy’s a one-trick pony… Oh, f*** off… That wasn’t a joke. Oh, horse! Panto horse. I must just be naturally funny(!) When he’s out of work he’s getting the washing in, where is he? On top of the washing line. He was so associated with tightrope walking, what happened to his name? Oh, the tightrope became his name! A tightrope walker was called a Blondin. - Ah. - That’s how well-known he was. Like how people Google for things… Going back to an earlier thing, like that guy was around in the early 2000s called Mr Methane. Another one on your list of famous flatulists! Yes. See how I’m tying these bits together today. There is also a thing called a Blondin, even now. And it’s a bit of industrial equipment. What might it be? Safety rig for working at height? Not for people. - Animals. - For sheep working at height! “Go on Bessie, the grass is a bit long near the cliff.” “Baaa!” - Not for animals... - That’s a valid thing you might need because companies are putting sheep on their roofs, aren’t they? What? If you build a new building you can put the organic roofs on that are a layer of turf to help insulate, to stop it... Some companies want it to be kind of a wild garden, but other companies… Want it neatly mowed? And they’re putting sheep and goats on it. Cracking. So you might need a safety line for a sheep, it's working at height… When was the last time you put a safety harness on a sheep? Wednesday. All I can think is that I want to change jobs to aerial shepherd. What might you need to move, on a rope, in a quarry? Oh, stone. You’re absolutely right. It’s an aerial ropeway used in Welsh slate quarries. It’s called a Blondin after him. Oh, right, so like the ones at the end of… nah, that doesn’t spoil anything, like the ones at the end of Get Carter, that kind of thing where it dumps coal in the sea. Hands up who's seen Get Carter? - Literally none. - Literally only Gary. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt it, bring the screen down. We’re watching this, alright? “You’re a big man, but you’re out of shape. He does this for a living.” - That’s from Get Carter. - Get Carter. There is one other person I’d like to talk about from Niagara Falls and from the history of Niagara Falls. Is it... was it a lady or a gentleman went over it in a barrel? You said lady or a gentleman, Gary, I’ll give you the choice, pick one. Oh f***. The little bell that’s ringing in the back of my head says lady but I could be wrong. - Roll with it. - Have a point. - Oh, right okay. - Any idea of the names? Annie Edison Taylor. Born in 1838, ended up in Bay City, Michigan where she hoped to become a dance instructor. Did she not? I mean, have the point. Why not? Couldn’t f***ing dance(!) Bog-all rhythm. There’s nobody wanting to dance. There are no dance schools. Now why didn’t she sort of break the mould and start one, rather than just… Well she did! She absolutely did, have a point. Then she travelled all over the place trying to find work, couldn’t find any and moved back to Bay City. Which means she wanted to secure her later years financially. She wanted to avoid what? Workhouses? Something like that? Yes, the poor house, absolutely right. She decided she would be the first person to ride over Niagara Falls in a barrel. And she considers that securing her future? Not putting it at dire risk. She was actually in her 60s, when she went over. Really? Using a custom made barrel. Why did she use a barrel, not, like a boat or something proper? “It was a proper barrel!” That’s good question. What is a barrel designed to do? Oh, keep water out? Exactly. It’s designed… Well, strictly speaking, to keep water in, surely? - No, keep booze in, and water out! - Oh, right, with you! - Yes! - Focus man, come on. It is meant to be waterproof. So the idea is she’s in there, in a slightly pressurised barrel, with a heart-shaped pillow and mattress. There was a lid on it? There was a lid on it. Oh right, I assumed it was up to the waist or something! “Tally-ho!” I’ve always assumed that, that’s how I’ve always pictured it. I never thought… Sort of like a tub over the edge, yeah. Come to think of it, yeah, so have I. No, she was stuffed in a barrel with the top sealed. A little bit of pressure in there, the idea being that all she’s going to feel is: darkness, darkness, darkness, plunge, thump, thump, thump, thump, get out the other side. Did she? Well you keep asking me the questions, Matt, but that’s not actually what I’m here for. So… Let’s say she didn’t. She did. She made it over the falls with nothing but a small gash on her head. What did she say afterwards? F***! I mean it was… it was… I’m going to give you the point because it wasn’t that short, it wasn’t in so few words, but yes, “If it was with my dying breath, “I would caution anyone against attempting the feat.” That’s never a great recommendation for a ride is it? No, but it’s really smart for somebody who is looking to secure their fame for being the one who did it. “I would sooner walk up to the mouth of a cannon knowing it was going to blow me to pieces than make another trip over the fall.” And next week, watch me walk up to a cannon knowing it’s going to blow me to pieces! At the end of the show, congratulations Chris, you win this one. Well done. You win a small fast bird that makes clothing for other small fast birds. Oh God. It’s this Tailor Swift. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. Bye bye YouTube. I’ve been Tom Scott and we’ll see you next time.
[Cheering] MATT: What up, crew? [Laughter] Yeah, get the door, door boy! Just put this back on to cover up the man-boobs. [Whistle from audience] Thank you! She's up there. Now, those of you who have known what we've done for a while will remember that a long time ago we did some audio episodes. And I didn't know how much time we would have left, exactly, at the end of this... GARY: To be fair, we didn't know how long it'd get before the cold bottles of piss hit the stage. What I like is that they're cold, which means that people have pre-prepared them. [Laughter] GARY: Yeah. Um, which means — MATT: "This one's for piss..." Er, which means that... In front of me, I have some classic trivia questions! [Cheering] GARY: Ohhh, baby! This is what they want! "Finchley!" And by classic, I mean they're from 1984. GARY: This s*** again! [Laughter] I am going to read out the answers; all you have to do is guess the questions. Are you all ready? God, remember the days when we did this in a small, fart-filled room in Chester? We had a really big curry one of the nights, and *he*... He destroyed the room so badly we had to open the outside door to let the maft out. That was the night I fell off your airbed and head-butted your drum kit — oh, memories, memories. [Laughter] We start... ...with Albert Blake Dick. Which Blake didn't make Blake's 7? Because "Dick's 7" wouldn't sound... yeah. Should have seen the shape of the ship. It sounds like an order. 'Albert — blake Dick!' What's 'blaking' someone? I don't know, but I know what you use! Heyy! GARY: It's when Gareth Thomas comes up behind you — TOM: NO. Two people got that reference. GARY: Thank you, both Blake's 7 fans in the audience. TOM: Now, see, this has actually been corrected since. The actual answer to this would be Thomas Edison... GARY: Er, who shafted who out of some kind of patent? Well, Dick was the one who named — I can't say that seriously. [Laughter] Blake Dick — I can't say The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt seriously. Albert? Albert was the one who named it. So we are looking for an invention. A tephelone! Oh, no. We're looking for something that you'd still use in an office today. GARY: Photocopier. CHRIS: Chair. GARY: Window. MATT: Electricity. Gary, you're very close. I'm looking for something a little bit — like, photocopier, that was the Xerox Corporation... What was an earlier version of that? Typewriter. CHRIS: Carbon copying... thing... pad. Yeah, I'll give you the point. [DING] We're looking for mimeograph machine. GARY and MATT: Mimeograph machine? GARY: Sounds like a f***ing electro band. GARY: Yeah, I'm down with the kids. 'Hello, we're Mimeograph Machine.' CHRIS: [Beeping and booping] GARY: 'Yeah. And we're here to annoy you pre-show.' TOM: That's actually fair, isn't it. GARY: Yeah, yeah. We move on to 'the 35'. What yard line do you do some bollocks at in American football? [Laughter] GARY: You don't get your bollocks out in American football. Very dangerous. No, that's rugby, and that's afterwards. Ha ha! Oh they do, though, don't they. You're absolutely right, it is a yard line in American football... Do you want to go any... CHRIS: Line of scrimmage. MATT: Is that the line you go past, that if you go... That's where you... kick the thingy. [Applause] GARY: This is why you never got that... American football is one of the few sports I sometimes watch. And I still don't know what I'm going to say. And yet, 'Is it the line you kick the thingy?' The thing is, he's right. [DING] [Applause] That's what you get for watching the Superb Owl, isn't it. Yes. Super Bowel. Yeah. Hell of a show. Yeah. It's 'Which yard line do NFL teams kick off from?' And before we get letters, this is from 1984. It was moved ten years later. 'Before we get letters'? [Laughter] MATT: Z! Q! R! I'd quite like that, because the YouTube barrier to entry would be quite a bit higher if you had to comment by sending a letter. But on the other hand, I would open my post in the morning — You've got a letter opener as well! [Laughter and applause] Tom lives near an embassy. I like to think he does have a silver platter that his post is delivered on. 'Private and Confidential for you, sir...' [Envelope slitting noises] No, I just like the idea that I'm going to open a letter, and it's just going to be a vague insult on my person. All in caps. All in caps, obviously. That would be, yeah — YouTube comments by post. 'u r crap' Thank you! That would be post with the word 'LOL' in it. Yeah. TOM: Your next one is... jai alai. MATT: Thatcher! MATT: The answer's almost always 'Thatcher'. TOM: Jai alai. CHRIS: Fastest ball speed, compared to lacrosse. [DING] Absolutely spot on. Knocked it out of the park — No, no, it bounces off the wall and comes back. [Laughter] [Applause] Your next one is... the Impossible Missions Force. What do they call us on a date night? [Laughter] Wow, that makes my answer even worse. Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare? Er, no, definitely not. MATT: 64 newtons. The Impossible Missions *Force*, right. Yeah. TOM: Good... good. Weak electromagnetic! Same joke, but whatever. No. The abbreviation for that would be IMF. Where does the post get misdirected if you're writing to the International Monetary Fund? [Laughter] Anyone who has seen a certain film is likely to know the answer to this one. MATT: [Hums 'Mission: Impossible' bassline] [DING] GARY: Ahh. TOM: He's absolutely right. 'What's —' ['Mission: Impossible' melody] Doodle-doo... doodle-doo... Doodle-doo... doo-doo. TOM: He's absolutely ri — MATT: Doodle-doo... doodle-doo... [Applause] Doodle-doo...! Yeah. 'What was the name of the agency from Mission: Impossible?' The sound-man at the back, he's just gone cross-eyed and his ears are going red. Your next one is... Intourist. What is the worst place to store a bottle of water? [Laughter] Thoop! It's when it comes out without the cap on... I store all my water lying down, anyway. Ohhh! Where would a Yorkshireman put things 'in the ourist'? TOM: In t' ourist! Yeah, okay. GARY: In t'ourist. No, you would be saying this in an accent as well, certainly. He just did! Yeah, okay. And bear in mind, this is 1984. They like questions about certain countries here. GARY: Russia! TOM: Yes. GARY: Ohoho. It is the state-run travel agency of the Soviet Union. Ahh. Mandatory tourism! GARY: In Russia, travel does you. I can only imagine that you basically went up there, said 'I'd like to go somewhere,' and they said, 'No.' [Laughter] It's like a railway station. Big blinds they pull down and go, 'NO'... 'NO'... 'NO'... 'POLICE'. I would like to go on The Holiday. CHRIS: From what I understand from what I've read, essentially you went there and you got your week's allowance of... like, leave. But because it's leave from the country, in essence, you got a week in this dacha, at the place you were told to, at the time you were told to be there. And then you returned. Ahh. GARY: Butlins then. [Laughter] Yeah, but the coats were red. Yeah. I have spent one brief holiday in Butlins, and it is not all it's cracked up to be. And it's not cracked up to be much. I was going to say! I tell you what, when I had a holiday in Butlins, (A) it was brilliant, but (B) I was a bit worried by the barbed wire and guard towers round the edge. GARY: I'm not joking, there were genuinely guard towers. Why...? To stop — I'm not sure if it's to stop other people getting in, or to stop us getting out. Why would they? I don't know! 'Ooh, let's go break into Butlins!' No, that is absolutely what kids in a small, boring seaside town would do. You would absolutely go and break into the Butlins. They had great slides. It's just the machine gun might get you on the way down. [Laughter] This is turning dark! So let's move on. North Butlins and South Butlins! 'Get on the slide!' [Machine gun noises] No, no, you've got the breakaway Republic of Pontins, above. [Laughter] Blue coats — red coats. They don't talk. Don't talk. Your last question then. Aww. Baseball and bridge. We are looking for something they have in common. CHRIS: An extra — GARY: Bats! An extra card in the box. GARY: The way I play it. So first of all, that's quite clever, but no. And secondly, what bat do you use in bridge?! Cricket, and it speeds it up. [Laughter] TOM: That's fair. Was there ever an iron baseball? Because you could say both have been designed by Brunel. [Laughter] GARY: 'This ball is superior to all others!' Thonk! It's also slightly too big for everything else as well. TOM: Yeah. No, we are looking for terms... I'll give you a point for one of the terms that is found — MATT: Terms of endearment? ...in both. GARY: Can I have a go? Yeah, go for it. Rubber? [DING] GARY: Thank you... Absolutely spot on. It's 'Which two games have both a rubber and a grand slam?' And that is such a good bit of obscure knowledge that... [Applause] Because I like, despite all the gags, that we've ended on Gary coming out with a really obscure bit of knowledge and absolutely nailing it. MATT: Shall I save this? [Blows raspberry] [Laughter] Nailed it. Nailed it. But at the end of that, it is clearly Chris that wins, so congratulations. [Applause] Congratulations! You win an enclosure in which underwear is forbidden, run by the star of Face/Off. Really! GARY: No! Don't do this! I've worked it out. Don't do this, Tom! Gary, take it. Knickerless Cage? TOM: It's Nicolas Cage's Knickerless Cage. [Laughter and applause] With that, for the final time tonight... Please give it up for Chris Joel! Gary Brannan! Matt Gray! TOM: I've been Tom Scott — MATT: And Tom Scott! [Cheering] Thank you! Goodnight!
I’m in Resolute, Nunavut, Canada, the last stop on my Arctic voyage. It is one of the most northern and coldest inhabited places in the world, and the only reason I'm allowed to film here right now is because we have someone on polar bear watch. There is some evidence of prehistoric settlement here, but this town didn’t exist until 1947, when the US and Canada built a weather station here, and it wasn’t populated until 1953, when the government of Canada forcibly resettled Inuit from Northern Quebec here as part of a power play in the Cold War. The High Arctic relocation is a dark chapter in Canada’s history, and the stories of those who were moved into appalling conditions, are tales best told by people who were there, not some British tourist. There are links in the description for context, and I strongly recommend you watch them. But what I can talk about is why the 1950s Canadian government thought it was worth uprooting people from their homes and moving them this far north. The North Pole, and most of the Arctic Ocean, are international waters. There’s no land below the ice, so they’re treated the same as the Atlantic or Pacific. But unlike countries further south, where it’s easy to say where your coastline ends and the sea begins, up here in the north it’s a little bit more complicated. In the fifties, there was an open legal question: if no one lived on these northern islands, if they’re not even habitable, could they really be part of Canada? Particularly when the United States is sending hundreds of soldiers up here to stake a claim, to shore up the defense against Soviet Russia. The shortest route from Russia to America for aircraft carrying nuclear bombs, and later, for intercontinental ballistic missiles, was over the North Pole. Over here. Over Resolute. And while the Canadian government were happy to co-operate with America, they were not about to risk being pushed out. The government's solution, back then: move some people who they think don’t matter, and make it clear to the world: this is Canadian territory. Look. Canadians live here. The repercussions from that still go on today, and so does the argument about sovereignty up here: just for different reasons. Because while the Cold War has ended, and missiles will hopefully not be flying over the North Pole any time soon, there is now a very different question. Climate change means that the Northwest Passage, the once legendary sea route through the north of Canada, is now theoretically open for shipping a few months a year. The north of Canada is not just frozen ice that goes all the way to the pole, and most of the maps you see are really misleading. This here is one of a cluster of islands, nowhere near as big as they look on most maps, and if there’s no ice between them, it’s a shortcut. The Arctic is now a possible route between Europe and the west coast of America, instead of going through the Panama Canal: and that cuts over 4000 miles off the journey. And the first cruise ship has already gone through: by the time you watch this, it will have gone through. And it's not an old icebreaker with a hundred people on it like I’m travelling on, but a massive cruise ship with thousands of people, eight restaurants, and a casino. Like it or not, this town, this space here: this is part of a tourist route now. Now, Canada says some of the Northwest Passage is part of their territorial waters, almost like a big, wide river. Anyone going through should be cleared with them, be subject to Canadian law, and perhaps in future, they should pay a tax. The US and Europe? They say it’s international waters and they can do whatever they want. And the consequences could be serious: if this does become a major shipping route, then sooner or later there’s going to be a major shipping accident, particularly if climate change brings unpredictable storms to the ocean here. The idea of more oil being spilled in the Arctic is worrying a lot of people. In a few decades, as the ice melts, more channels open, and drilling for oil and gas becomes possible, our next international battles, political or otherwise, might be for the Arctic: not just about who owns it, but for its entire future. Hi, I'm Chris Hadfield, this is... I'm Tom Scott! This is Tom Scott, we're here in the Arctic. That's it from Generator Arctic! That's all! Thank you very much! It's been an incredible experience, thanks for coming along, and go the web site that's written, you can see all the details. And go see their show, Massey Hall, November 12th... November 12th in Toronto! Chris, there's the camera, take it, go for it! Take it, submerge it, go! Hey, it's not so bad!
This is how you contain the worst nuclear disaster in humanity's history. This is the New Safe Confinement structure, at Reactor 4 at Chernobyl. In 1986, the nuclear power plant here exploded -- and that is a sentence you never ever want to hear. The local area was evacuated, and it won't be safe to live in for millennia: to get here you need special permissions, although it's become a bit easier in recent years. In the months after the disaster, a concrete sacrophagus -- it's called the Shelter Object -- was built around the damaged reactor. It was constructed rapidly and desperately. It cost a lot of lives, and used a megaton of concrete and metal. It worked, but it won't hold forever, and it was built on top of the unstable debris of the old reactor. But over there is its replacement, still under construction. It's the New Safe Confinement, and it has cost more than one and a half billion US dollars. It is enormous, a steel arch a hundred metres high. When it's done, it'll be hauled by steel cables on enormous tracks over the reactor over the course of a week. And once it's there: the sides will be filled in, and the reactor will be contained again, ready to be decommissioned safely. This is the world's largest movable structure -- although it's only going to have to move once. And it's got some pretty astonishing design requirements. It can't let anything leak out. And it has to withstand everything that Ukraine's weather can possibly throw at it for a hundred years. But just think about that. One and a half billion dollars for something that'll last a hundred years. That's great -- provided in that hundred years, we can find the money, time and technology to safely dispose of all the radioactive waste that's going to be in there. Will we do that? Or, once there's not an imminent threat of disaster, will we kick it down the road for a future generation to deal with? In a hundred years, when this arch is at the end of its lifespan, will we be dismantling it and celebrating a job well done? Or will we be spending another huge sum building its replacement? [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Behind me is London City Airport, built on an old dock in East London. They're building a new control tower here, to replace the 30-year-old one and to make room for expansion. But that new tower won't have any people in it. It'll just be a tall mast with a lot of cameras. The people will be 80 miles away. - We're in at the London City ops room, which will go live in January 2020. And this is where London City air traffic control will be provided from. London City does not have a lot of space. So the footprint that's taken up by this mast is significantly less than it would be for the traditional tower. The digital tower can be cheaper. It's significantly easier to build. You don't have to have any of the functionality that you need for people to be in there. So, there are no restrooms, kitchens, toilets. Using the augmentation on the screen, we can actually show them the aircraft as they're flying by the window, with their radar tags on it. So they can see the callsign, the speed, and altitude. We also have the pan-tilt-zoom cameras. In theory you can look into the sun to track an aircraft who's travelling to the south. You'd never do that with binoculars, but this system lets you do that. This is a 360 panorama, but it's compressed into 225 degrees. The benefit for the controller is that they no longer need to look over their shoulder to see anything that's passing behind. You know aircrafts 13 miles, 15 miles on approach, they can see the lights. So the visibility this gives you is much better than the human eye. The data is compressed at site and then it's squirted down a couple of really big pipes down to Swanwick. We specify that lag as being less than one second, which is the same lag that we have for voice communications with pilots. - Right now, that new control room is just used for training. The camera mast isn't built yet so they're just using footage filmed from a crane a few months ago. Digital control towers are already used at smaller airports. But this will be the first one in a major city with this level of air traffic. Something like this just doesn't have to fail safe, it has to add no additional risk. - Every controller is quite conservative by nature. So they have a little what-if in the back of their head. What if a screen fails, what if a feed fails, what if a camera fails? All these things we've put into the design. On top of each of the screens is a little "stay-alive indicator", so if it's a quiet time of the day and there might not be any traffic moving about, you know that you're still looking at the airport, you know you're not looking at a frozen picture of the airport. If you lose a screen, the system is clever enough to recognise that the screen has failed, it will then transmit that image onto a spare screen, reshuffle all the images to actually give the controller the appropriate view, and then engineers can arrive and change given five or ten minutes. If a camera fails, we have got the pan-tilt-zoom cameras on the top of the housing which can actually replicate the view of the camera that's failed. If it rains, there's compressed air that automatically blows the rain away. There's bird protection on top, and you've also got some heaters inside so it doesn't get misty or frosty in the winter. If the cameras, in their entirety, fail, we effectively manage the transition as if it was fog. We still have a number of backup routes. We have separate voice communications to the airport which are unaffected. Controllers can't see in fog, you lose the cameras, you can't see and we just slowly manage that transition to the same type of operation. We are using separate data feeds. They come from the masts, one goes east, one goes west. They're not public internet, they don't go into the cloud. They don't go through the same ducts. They are robust and secure. - Now, I don't want this to sound like a sponsored video. It isn't. But having visited the new control centre, yeah, in the rational part of my brain, I'm convinced that it works and it's safe. Given the augmented reality overlays and the extra height, it might well be more safe than the old tower. But, it still feels a bit wrong, and I don't have a sensible reason why. There are plenty of times that "it just feels wrong" can be a good reason to avoid something. Bad relationships, walking down a dark street at night; your brain is good at avoiding things that might hurt you. But air travel, something so far outside everyday experience where safety is so important, that can't be governed by whether something feels right. Here, the evidence is pretty solid. And if I'm on a flight out of here in 2020, I'll give the cameras a wave as I take off. Tell me we got that!
Abbey Road! The Beatles' famous crosswalk -- or zebra crossing, as we'd call it in Britain, because of the black and white stripes and the weird thing we have about naming our crossings after creatures. Now, jaywalking -- crossing the road where there isn't a marked crossing -- isn't illegal in most of Britain. We can cross wherever it's safe. Which is just as well, given the complicated layout of our cities, and given how often day trippers recreating that album cover hold up traffic here on what is actually a fairly busy London road. But crossing the road safely, wherever you are, requires both the people driving and the people walking to take care. Yes, a driver not paying attention could kill someone -- but someone on foot could walk out into traffic without looking, assuming they're safe because, hey, it's a crosswalk, and even the best driver with brand new brakes has a limit on how quickly they can stop. And there's plenty of research to say that, in some situations, marked crosswalks like this one are actually less safe. The US Department of Transportation analysed five years of data from 1,000 marked crosswalks, and 1,000 matching sites that had no markings. On roads like this? The markings made no difference. On bigger, multi-lane roads? A marked crosswalk is more dangerous, probably because if a car stops in the first lane, pedestrians don't always have a sightline to see any cars still speeding past in the second -- and the cars can't see them either. Does that mean we should remove all the road markings and let everyone fend for themselves? Well, we can work it out. There are "shared space" schemes, based on studies from the Netherlands, like this one in Exhibition Road in London. The theory is because there aren't strict road markings, everyone is more cautious, cars go a bit slower, and people look both ways. Great in theory, maybe not so good if you're blind or partially sighted. The debate about whether this is a good thing is still going on. And ultimately, the only way to be sure, is for pedestrians to look when they're crossing the road -- and drivers to assume that people on foot aren't paying attention to you. 'Cos at Abbey Road? They mostly aren't. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here for credit!]
There's a 'See also' here for 'Digby Tatham-Warter'. Is that a surname or a place? That is a name. He was known for bringing something into battle as well. Oh God...! His family. Little Timmy with the scarf around the neck! A melon baller. Refused to kill anyone unless he gouged their eyes out. Was he the complete opposite, did he bring something really soft? It is exactly the sort of thing that if you are an Englishman going into battle, stereotypically you would hit someone with or poke someone with. An umbrella? An umbrella, yes. Just imagine! One guy with a claymore, the other just twirling the umbrella. He had trouble remembering passwords. What did he think that carrying an umbrella into battle would do instead? Identify him, so people knew who he was without the damn passwords? Identify him as what? A man who doesn't like getting his head wet? "Damnably English!" Yes, absolutely right. I quote, 'Only a bloody fool of an Englishman "would carry an umbrella into battle.' "Hello. "I'm a bloody fool of an Englishman! "Nice weather." Self-defining as 'a bloody fool of an Englishman?' - Yes. - Wow. What did he actually manage to do with that umbrella? - Stab himself. - Did he poke someone with it? A little bit more than that. Capture 42 men. Because he'd walk up behind someone, poke the point of the umbrella in the small of their back and say he's got a whole regiment behind him or something like that. It's exactly the kind of stunt a guy like that would try and pull. No, he disabled a German armoured car by incapacitating the driver by poking the umbrella through a slit. "An umbrella!" Whatever the German word for umbrella is, I'm very sorry, "An umbrella, was?"
If you've been following my videos for the last couple of weeks you will know that I am at Disney World. It's not that they've sponsored me or anything, it is just where I happen to be on holiday. Now, I've been avoiding Disney trivia because, you know, it's a little bit boring after a while but there's something that my cameraman for the week, Dan W, -- Hello! -- told me that I didn't really believe at first, but he assures me it's true, I've looked it up, which is, well... Dan, where are we currently standing? DAN: We're at the Reedy Creek Improvement District. It's Walt Disney World's own private municipality. TOM: Yeah. Essentially, Disney World has private cities granted to them by the state of Florida because they lobbied a long time ago when they were buying all the land here and buying the space. They have all sorts of powers: they apply for planning permission from themselves, they have the ability to build all sorts of things, to be immune from laws of the neighboring areas that they would otherwise be beholden to. Not only that, they have eminent domain, as well, which means that they can seize small amounts of land from around their borders for their own municipality if they need it for the public good. And the startling thing is this: Dan, what they technically have permission to build? DAN: They have planning permission from themselves to build their own nuclear power station. It's in the legislation from the 1960s still. TOM: Now, that's because way back when they were actually planning to build a proper city here. And, while they've never actually built that nuke plant – they have a small oil-fired plant somewhere on property – they had their own runway briefly, they had all sorts of things. There was gonna be a massive city here and then Walt Disney died, and what we are left with is the Experimental Prototype Community Of Tomorrow, or EPCOT. But you never know, one day there might well be a nuclear power plant here That is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Right, let's go to Russia. Let's go to Russia! Russia. If you're a British tourist, Russia isn't easy to get into. You have to book your travel, then request a formal invitation from the hotel you're staying at, and then apply for a visa weeks or months in advance. You can't just arrive on a plane and ask them to let you in. And you certainly can't ever, ever just drive across the border. That pole is where they're spying from. Oh, you're right! They must-- yes! 'Cos that is lumpy at the top. Cell towers normally go right at the top... There is going to be someone who job is counting the cars in and counting the cars out. And if they see anyone walking towards here... Yeah, of course. That's where the cameras are. Good spot. I'd get my zoom lens out, but I'm not doing that on a Russian border. The area behind me is the Saatse Boot, and it's about one square kilometre of Russia that juts out into Estonia. When Estonia was part of the Soviet Union, that wasn't a problem: but when the country became independent in 1991, a couple of villages on this side of the Boot, including Saatse here, were cut off. Until recently, the road over there was the only way to reach them: there is another way round now, but that's still the quickest route by far. So, for convenience, Russia allows people to use that road... as long as they don't stop. That's the no stopping sign. Yeah. No stopping for... 1km? Right, you see that post, the red and green post? -- I do. -- That's it. That's Russia. If you're on foot, you're entering Russia, and you can be arrested. If you're in a car, you've got to keep moving: if you stop or if you break down, you're entering Russia, and you can be arrested. Estonia... Estonia... -- Russia! -- We're in Russia. And I know, immediately, people are going to ask, how far can you push this? What happens if you're on a bicycle? What if you drive 1mph but don't technically stop? What happens if you stand half in and half out, or stop just on the Estonian side of the border and take loads of photos? What happens if you break the law on promoting homosexuality in Russia by playing the Village People out of your car's speakers at full blast? The answer to all of those is: I don't know. It depends on if any border guards see it, and how they feel that day. They might just escort you back to Estonia... they might arrest you and lock you up for the night. Either way, we are not bloody finding out, because it is a really, really bad idea to mess with Russia at all, let alone on their territory, while you're filming it. Now, at some point, like many of the complicated borders in the world, the Boot is going to be fixed. Officially, it was fixed and handed over to Estonia in a treaty back in 2005, and then again by another treaty in 2014. Russia agreed to give up that bit of land in exchange for getting a couple of bits of Estonia somewhere else. And... Estonia! -- That's it! -- Yeah! But diplomacy is slow, and so is government bureaucracy, and right now, it is still possible to drive through a little bit of Russia without a visa. Just very very carefully. We just drove through Russia without a visa! Wow. It's actually a bit of an anticlimax. Hello! Tourist. Tourist. Yes. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is The Technical Difficulties, and we are playing Two of These People are Lying because two of these people will be, -and they are Chris Joel. -Hello. -Gary Brannan. -Good day… oh no, bollocks, no. Start again, I should do a proper line there, shouldn't I? And Matt Gray. You've missed your chance. It's f***ing unfair, you know, you'll never know what it was going to be but it was absolutely peach. And what we're doing today is: Tom is going to try and see which one of us three are lying. We have all gone through our phones, looked at a Wikipedia article, a different one each, written down the title on a piece of paper down here and Tom picks one. One of us tells the truth about what that article is about, yes, you can see the pen all over me and the other two lie because we've never seen the article before. Alright, are we all ready? Well, yeah, I demonstrated my readiness at the start. We are looking for Duryard or a Duryard. -Durr-yard, D'yard. Duryard. -Da yard! Matt, why don't you kick us off? Oh, w-- can I... Have a drink of tea, have a think. "Drinkin' my tea, ain't I?" I should … I should point out that … that apparently there may be swaps of handwriting going on here so I cannot tell who has written… written Duryard. Matt, why don't you kick us off? Anton Duryard, a cricketer, unfortunately, I was reading the article, I knew none of the words, so I'm going to have to bluff this one. Gary can make some up. Well, the article was just "Duryard". -Yeah. -Like Prince. He was just known as Duryard? -Only the bat. -Alright. -Gary. -A town in the south... west. Of Britain. Chris. Which is weird because it must be named… the town that I found in Nebraska must be named for it. That's good, that's good, that's good. Oh, now, either that's a brilliant strategy or Gary pre-empted whatever is going on here. We're going to, we're going to start with Matt, Matt. The cricketer, did you understand any of the cricket terms that were in there? Not really but the reason he is known as Duryard is because when he… I'm going to have to use a proper cricketing phrase here: "did a good thing". Did a good thing! He was known for going "Duryard!" and there's a photo of him on the article with like both hands up, like that kind of thing, yeah. -Sorry both hands up and what? -Into the camera, please. Yeah, so he just called… he is given the mononym from his… from his cry let's say. The word mononym has suddenly slightly convinced me that this is not rubbish. Alright. Do you know what he did that was good? No, it wasn't like once, it was whenever… -Oh, right… -How is it, he got points or… Runs, I believe the term is. Any time he got the runs... He went "Duryard!" Or, "Duryard..." Grew up in Australia, and it might have said New South Wales? -Is that a place in Australia? -Yeah. That was either a really good bluff or… You know what I'm like with places. Unless they're Latin named, yes. This tea idea has really worked out for him, hasn't it? I just really want a drink! I poured it earlier, when I'm coming up with the article, setting up the cameras, and I didn't have time to drink it. Yeah, he was in New South Wales in Australia and it said something about his cricketing career in different places and was it, like, T20 something-or-other in it? -It said different cricketing things. -You perked up there, Gary. -It's just the way I'm sat. -"Oh, the T20!" So the T20 is actually a cricket thing. "The very fast cricket." So either these are things that were in the article that you've plucked words out of -or they're things in the back of… -"Too much! Slow it down." Are you okay there? We're talking about cricket, you carry on doing the episode. Or they're… or they're things in the back of your head, well, I'm not sure on that, alright, -Gary. -Yes. Duryard, a town in the south-west of the UK? -Yes. -Yeah. What's… what's there? Exeter. Is this a small town spread very thin around Exeter? It's a county town, it has an entire county in it! Hands up, I misunderstood your question, I thought you were asking what's in the south-west to which my answer was Exeter. I didn't realise you were asking about the town of Duryard. Is Duryard famous for anything? For being… for the people who live there, it's the centre of their existence, thank you very much, most of which are students. -Students. Duryard, Duryard U. -Duryard … Duryard University. -Wait, because it's near Exeter. -Yeah. That students at the University of Exeter live there. There's probably a meaning behind it. Well, the other two players here are… both have their head in their hands. And well they might, at the rightness of the information I am imparting to you. I'm just imagining the hoodies that say Duryard U. Well, it's not, it's Exeter, it's the hall of a place they live. What I like about these, Gary, is that whether you're telling the truth or not, you are extremely confident in what you're saying. Chris, the town in Nebraska. The real town… Unlike, I don't know, some places in the south-west of England. One of us speaks the truth, the other only lies. Duryard, Nebraska, incorporated 1870 by Charles Duryard, notable for nothing very much being in the corn belt, except a stopping place for the late westward expansion. Westwood! Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo! Westward expansion, not Westwood, Westwood is not expanding. I don't know, he's getting older, isn't he, he's probably… Oh no, he's a thin one, he's a thin one. -Is he still...? -He's still svelte, yeah. I mean, my respect to him, I've not managed it and I'm at least five years younger than him. I mean I'm just going to cut straight to the chase on this one, I think it's Chris. Matt, I… I appreciate Anton Duryard. And so does New South Wales. I appreciate the word mononym that came out of nowhere. -I love the word mononym. -And many things that... but I believe you've pulled them from your head, I don't think it's you. -You're going to be sad. -Gary, Gary, I don't think there's a town called Duryard near Exeter where there's a university. Fine, I didn't say university though. Chris, I believe you, am I right? No, there isn't a university in Duryard, Nebraska either. -There is no Duryard, Nebraska? -There is no Duryard, Nebraska. So we already know I'm wrong. So two of the people you've just been really quite dismissive about… At least 50% of them have every right to be very upset, I would say more like 75 the way you've treated some of them. And, and one of us kept coming up with facts when you were asking and the other one kept talking around in circles. One of the two people opposite us did the thing you like which is give key details. Matt, Matt, have I have I picked your article for the third time in a row? -Are you saying it's me? -Yeah. I was the one that was talking around in circles. -He kept giving you facts. -I did! There's a town called Duryard with a university in it? -Duryard. -Yeah. "...is an ancient area of Exeter in Devon, once the hunting land of the Anglo-Saxon kings. "The name comes from the Anglo-Saxon dear, which means deer, and geard, which means fold. "Today, much of the area is occupied by the University of Exeter "which has a hall of residence named Duryard." Blimey! No... -Unfortunately… --F*** you up the wrong'un. Unfortunately, Gary, -that means you get no points. -Why?! Because you did not convince me of the truth. Well, that's a shame, but I had fun. -"Will ye come back next week, Gary?" -I will! -"Ah, it'll be grand to see you." -I had a great time! Chris, you get a point for successfully convincing me of… of a town in Nebraska with the western expansion. Matt, I mean, good… good cricket knowledge. Thank you, I know nothing about cricket. Gary, I will point out that I asked the question, "what's in Duryard", and your answer wasn't "a university" or "a hall of residence", it was, and I quote, "Exeter". No, you said… you said "Duryard, a town in the south-west, what's there", to which I said "Exeter". Was I wrong? I beg to the honourable member, did I give a mistruth? It is not my fault if you can't understand your own bloody question. He has a point. Gary's going to go off and get a replacement article, we'll see you in a minute. Good luck, chaps, we are talking about... Willoughby Run. Gary, I'm going to come to you first, what is Willoughby Run? -It is a creek in Pennsylvania. -Oh, that's a surprisingly solid answer. You see, I'm batting you round like a cat, one minute he's all shaky, next he's all confident, but last time I was shaky, I was telling the truth. That's not how the game's meant to work, Gary. -It's got you on your toes though, to be fair. -Yeah, well. Oh, he not sure now! Yes, Willoughby Run is a creek in Pennsylvania. Chris, Willoughby Run? It is a geological formation on the Willoughby estate derived from the sort of thing that is currently happening at the Willoughby Run in Pennsylvania due to erosion. -An eroding...? -River valley. An eroding river valley. Matt, Willoughby Run? It is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist, Roland Kirk. Roland Kirk. -It’s a good jazz name. -It's a good jazz name. -"That's a jazz name, motherf*****". -That's... -Sorry! Wrong meeting. -That's okay. -Gary, let's start with you. -Yes. Is there anything in the article other than "it's a creek in Pennsylvania"? -Adams County. -Adams County. Pennsylvania, I think it's the Herr Creek or the Herr River it flows into, -Hurr! -As in H-e-r-r, so Mr River. -Alright. -There's a picture of it. What does it look like? Can you describe it for us? Well, trees in water. Trees in water. -Trees in water. -Alright. It's like you get in America, you know, you get shallow water with all trees in it. Alright. This is… this is plausible because I can't… in my head there isn't a big connection between, like, "run" and the name of a river so I feel like that's not something that would come straight to your head, so alright, I'll go with that. Chris. -Hello. -"You don't have the intelligence -"to come up with a lie that complex." -No, it's more than… -"You idiot boy!" -It's more that Chris has the exact same thing, that I don't … like, "run" as a river thing, as a geological feature, you have some geological knowledge, geographical knowledge? I have a little bit of geological knowledge, yes. Tell me about Willoughby Run. Willoughby Run is a v-shaped valley formed in Cheshire on the former Willoughby estate which dug through the native limestone which is quite soft, exposing chert nodules for which it is famous. Exposing what? Chert nodules. Could you… could you tell me about the chert nodules? Chert… chert is a very hard rock that forms in weird sort of reniform nodules. -Reniform? -Kidney shaped. -Okay. That makes sense. -Renal, yeah. Latin. He's got a Latin GCSE, do you remember? This guy, this guy. Which then get distributed in softer rock when they rest sediment… er... sedimentarily, because they don't get to erode as fast as the rock that they came out of. That's lovely and I absolutely believe that's true and all from your head and not from the article. Not one bit. A v-shaped… what did you call it, something valley? River erosion valley. There's two shapes of valleys. Well, you see that's also plausible. Matt, an album by Roland Kirk, do you know who Roland Kirk is? No. But I looked on the list of who was in the article, like the… there is like a track list of the album and the first track was co-written by Burt Bacharach. -Burt Bacharach? -I know. It was Burt Bacharach and I think there's a producer, the album's… what? Sorry, I just remembered from years ago, the phrase "Burt Bacharach Back Sack and Crack". It's just... and I can't tell if that's a joke you're pulling back out of nowhere or if genuinely Roland Kirk worked with Burt Bacharach. Who is Roland Kirk? You could have just made that name up. I know I could and I have done every other time but actually today I haven't made up the name Roland Kirk. It's an actual jazz multi-instrumentalist. And it said… this name I'm probably getting wrong, it said that the album was produced by Hal Moomin? I must have got that wrong because it's not Moomin, but it's something similar to that. And I vaguely recognised that name but I didn't know why and I didn't follow through to the other article, but he co-wrote some of the songs. And I was scrolling through the track which was about 10 tracks. Later on in the album there was a track that was co-written by two Beatles. Which two? Paul McCartney. John Lennon. It could be an obscure Beatles number they're covering. Oh, possibly, yeah. Alright. - It was from '65, that album. -Because that'll be the right time, but I can't remember when the first Beatles records came out. If you've picked the wrong year in the 60s, that's a really obvious clue. I'm pretty sure it said '65 on the article. I realise this is the last one we're doing but I… in all of the six we've done so far, this is by far the hardest decision. All three of these are plausible. We've finally learnt the game, chaps. Says you. Me and Matt have both scored points. -Chris. -Hello. -I'm going to rule you out because… -You bellend. I think pretty much everything there has come from your head. The only connection that I can't see there is that "run" connected to a geological feature. I think that … I think you might have pulled this from your geology, so I'm going to rule you out on this one. Matt, I am really tempted to ask the Google Assistant that I know you have in here to just... just play Willoughby Run by Roland Kirk. But actually, Gary, I think you gave few details this time, you didn't come up with something out of nowhere. Gary, I believe you, am I right? -You are correct. -Yes! -A point for the both of you. -Oh! And there is Willoughby Run. -Oh, that's lovely. -All trees in water! Hey, it is. It is absolutely all trees in water. -There you go. -Yeah, thank you very much, folks. That's the end of the series. We still don't have an outro. -Bye! -Bye! But here's something for the end of the video, I knew this was the last one we were doing. I was telling you about the Roland Kirk album 'Slightly Latin'. Oh, you're metagaming this. I don't like this(!)
I'm in an airplane bathroom aboard a 777 somewhere over the mid-Atlantic. It's a long flight and this is a strange place to film a video, but it is the perfect place to tell you about relativity. Specifically, that Einstein was not the first person to have ideas about relativity. Centuries earlier, Galileo came up with the concept of what now is called "Galilean relativity," which is the more basic idea that if you're in – well, he would have been thinking about something like the hold of a sailing ship – but if you're in an airplane bathroom, there is no physics experiment you can do that will tell you how fast you are going. You could be going 500 mph, as we are, you could be going at 9/10 the speed of light, magically, given you'd actually burn up to a cinder, you could be stopped, just hovering in some kind of simulator at this altitude, and there is no way you could tell, because, well, you can't see what you're going relative to. And that idea, that there is no privileged frame of reference, was built upon by Einstein, who realized that if you are in an airplane bathroom going at 9/10 the speed of light and you turn the headlights of the plane on, well, the pilot of the plane would see the light go at the speed of light and an observer would also see it going at the speed of light, that crucial idea is where all of relativity comes from, the idea that there is no privileged frame of reference. But that was Galileo's idea centuries earlier. And that is something you might not have known. And here's another thing. If I was clever, if I was really clever, then what I would do is film this in a completely fake airplane bathroom and now, to prove my point, I would have the walls fall away... I've got about 5 hours left in this flight. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I reckon that this dome, here on a windswept field in Denmark, is the world's most frustrating work of art. I know that's a bold claim, so let me explain: this is Elia, designed by an artist called Ingvar Cronhammar. He's famous for dark, industrial art, art that looks like machinery, art that looks alienating and remote. Elia certainly qualifies as all that: it's been here near the town of Herning, in Denmark, since 2001. 32 metres high, if you include those chimneys. The steps up to the viewing gallery are uncomfortably large, it feels like it wasn't designed for humans. Comparisons to an alien spaceship that's landed in the middle of rural Denmark... well, they're cliché, but standing here, they feel about right. Something feels wrong about this sculpture. Which is all very impressive, but that's not the frustrating part. In the middle, just between those four pillars, there is a gas burner, and it shoots a massive flame eight metres in the air, a huge blast of fire. It's one more ominous, unsettling thing about this sculpture: it might burst into flame at any moment. But it probably won't. Because it does that, on average, for just 25 seconds about once every two or three weeks. At random, decided by a computer. It might be months between eruptions. It might just be a few days. And according to an article in the local news, it won't go off if the wind is too high, which is probably is today, or if there are any people too close. Elia's web site doesn't tell you when the flames are going to be, it just archives the time and date of all the ones that you've missed. They keep that up to date just to taunt you, I guess, I don't know. And sure, there are a couple of photos or videos from people online who've been lucky. You can go online and see that. But you can also go online and see the Mona Lisa in much higher resolution than you ever could in person, in incredible detail. That doesn't stop people crowding into the Louvre in Paris to fight with selfie sticks. There is something about being there. So if Elia calls to you, if you want to see the fire in person, you're going to have to camp out and watch it, 24 hours a day, maybe for months. As for me, I've got about an hour left until I have to leave to catch my flight. So here's hoping.
I'm with Colin Furze. That's me. Dangling upside down with magnetic shoes that he's made. Colin, do you want to explain how these work? Basically, we've got a microwave transformer, you cut it in half, take one of the coils out, and you end up with this, like a little E-shaped block, whack a car battery on it, and you've got a super strong electromagnet which if you then put in some shoes, you can make magnet shoes! Which are great aren't they Tom! They are! Surprisingly physically demanding, this. Um, but let's talk about fail-safes. Because, well, these electromagnets can be used in a lot of things they're used in the doors in the office I work, and those doors are fail-SAFE. Fail-safe does not mean we have a backup, fail-safe means they fail, and it is safe. You see if the power fails, if there's an emergency, something like that, then everything's fine, the doors unlock automatically because there's no power, and everyone can get out. There is an opposite to fail-safe, which is fail-deadly, and you usually find that in things like nuclear submarines, who have orders to fire if everything falls to pieces. These shoes? Well they may not be fail-deadly, but they're certainly fail-unsafe, because if the electromagnets fail, or if the battery fails or if I, accidentally, push one of these shiny red buttons here, well, then I fall to the ground, neck first, swiftly followed by the incredibly heavy magnetic shoes which, will probably kick me in the face. So with all due respect to your invention Colin, which is marvelous, can I come down now? Yep. You're looking as red as your t-shirt. Oh my God it takes so much out of you, this does! That's wonderful. There you go. Colin's channel is on screen now, he has all sorts of wonderful things like a jet powered bicycle, and world-record attempts. Thank you very much! It's all right. That, was take 4, and I am not doing that again. You really appreciate gravity now don't you? Thanks Colin. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Swiss engineering has a reputation for being precise and reliable. And the country has a reputation for being... not paranoid, exactly, but at least taking a lot of precautions about their safety. Switzerland is the only country in the world with enough nuclear fallout shelters for the entire population. Even now, it's a legal requirement that any new build house here must have a shelter if it's not close enough to an existing one. And okay, a lot of those shelters are being used mostly for storage these days, probably for cheese, but if the world takes a dark path? Switzerland is ready. And that extends to this. The drinking water. I'm in Zurich, the largest city in Switzerland, and it has an entire backup water supply system. The city has hundreds of drinking fountains, free for public use, of all sorts of designs. And okay, most of them are fed from the same pipes as homes and offices: it's mostly filtered water from nearby Lake Zurich, with a bit of spring water and ground water mixed in. It is, of course, some of the safest drinking water in the world. Because Switzerland. But in the event of an emergency: let's say the lake was contaminated somehow, or there's a days-long power cut that shuts all the pumps down: not that that's likely, because the electricity supply is just as secure, but if it happens: Zurich is still prepared. There is an entire backup water system, fed by nothing more than gravity from a spring on a nearby mountain. It runs through 150 kilometres of pipes to taps in hospitals and fallout shelters, and special drinking fountains like this. These can all be adapted so they can fill a lot of buckets in a very short amount of time with nothing more than some hoses and scaffolding. This water isn't being wasted, by the way. I mean, it is, no-one's drinking it, but if it wasn't going through these pipes it'd just be joining a river and heading straight to the ocean by a different path. Lots of cities maintain some level of redundant water supply: some backup pipes, or emergency tankers in case everything fails. But Zurich? They have two systems, constantly tested, always running together. Just in case the world ends.
Well... Marseille's better. You've got the weather, haven't you, for the duelling down in Marseille, yeah? The weather for it(!) "Turned out nice again!" "Can we not duel today, it's that wet rain that'll soak you through?" "I've got it on my glasses, I can't see where to stab!" It's a point, that's why I bought my flat cap. Best thing I ever had, my glasses are dry now. What? For getting stabbed? Well, I can duel… "I went to Marseille hoping to get stabbed! "Couldn't even start a duel, couldn't hit the other fella." "Glasses misted up, flat cap, see perfectly, three confirmed kills." Is this Yorkshire duelling? Do you just, like, wear big trousers and throw ferrets at each other or something like that? Okay, that's… Well, if you want to find out, keep up with the insults, pal(!) To be fair, ferret wrestling is actually a sport in ancient Yorkshire, was it not? And by ancient I mean 1980. Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom... You know, ferret- it's a circus act isn't it, putting ferrets down your trousers? Well, I've pulled up the article... You can get two down there. They both seem fine though! They're not worried. They're not fighting. They're peacefully co-existing. I can't believe I'm going on to this article, and to anyone who is hoping for this to be an examination of the life of Julie d'Aubigny... I've just pulled up the article on ferret legging. Which it turns out, is a thing. It is, as practised by to-be-seventh Doctor Who Sylvester McCoy, in his circus days. Really? Yes, along with hammering nails up his nose and setting his head on fire. Gosh. Take that Capaldi, keep up, come on. How much livestock have you had down your breeches? None. Could you explain ferret legging? 'Cos there are some easy points for the Yorkshiremen here, well for one of the Yorkshiremen. Well, we all do it, of course, for the New Years' Eve... As I understand it, don't you sort of tie the bottom of your trousers with string to stop an easy ferret escape as t'were? Because they are clever little souls and they'll work their way that round the ankles is a good way out. You drop 'em in. I'm not sure what the middle bit is, right? Once they're in, I'm not sure… Great pain, I think! Step 3, profit. Yes, step 3, profit, yes. So, actually, I'm giving you a point for the general thing, but you also get a point, Will, for the phrase, "Great pain". It's an endurance event. Right. It is an endurance event. What is the current world record for having a ferret down your trousers? Single ferret? Single ferret. Is it awake or asleep? If it's asleep you're cheating. Yes, and I'm going to say, and angry. I'm going to say, it's got to be less than an hour, because otherwise then the ferret is having a nap. Two hundred and seventy four days, but the bloke that's achieved it doesn't really want to report it to the record books for Reasons… I'm going to say 12 minutes. I'm going to say three hours. Yep, 5 hours 30 minutes is the current world record. We should point out: ferrets are angry. In general. I'd be angry if you stuffed me down somebody's trousers! "Competitors cannot be drunk or drugged, nor can the ferrets be sedated." There we go, fair rules. What are you not allowed to wear? Shorts. Oh no, it's pants. It's pants. It's underwear, absolutely right. Oh, the horror. Oh my God. I'm just thinking, there's a famous clip, isn't there? The late departed Richard Whiteley who fronted a chat show for a very small amount of time and the only thing that happened to him was someone brought a ferret on and he went to stroke the ferret and the ferret bit his finger and wouldn't let go. And the shot is of Richard Whiteley lifting the ferret up as it dangles off his finger while he screams. Imagine that with your gentlemen's bits! Yes, so… They don't let go! "The ferret must have a full set of teeth that have not been filed..." And I'm giving you a point specifically for that phrase, because it says, "The sport is said to involve an ability to have your tool bitten and not care." I could probably take the first, I think the second is where I start to struggle. And if there is ever a sign that this is quite a blokey show, it's the fact that we have gone from Julie D'Aubigny to ferrets biting people's tools. I don't think that counts as an ability. Well, to be fair the ferret is doing all the work isn't it? Yes! What can you attempt to do to dislodge the ferret? Shout at it, convince it nicely, maybe give it some reading matter, maybe give it a brochure for the lower end of the trouser and encourage it to go on a holiday down there. It's a ferret tourist destination shop, you know? "No, I'm happy here!" Yes. You can attempt to dislodge the ferret, but that can be difficult. This is a thoroughly well-referenced article by the way, better referenced than the historical one… Does it just say at the bottom, 'I watched a bloke do this?' Possibly. This is the kind of thing they do in Pudsey on a Wednesday night, isn't it? Well, where may it have come from? Er, the Vikings. Not quite. Why might you want to try and conceal a ferret in your trousers? Oh, poaching! Oh, yeah! Yes, absolutely right, to avoid detection by gamekeepers. I can say if a ferret is biting your cock very hard it's going to be very difficult not to be given away when being a poacher. I don't think you can stifle a cry that long if we're talking hours' worth here. Can you not just do that thing in 'Danny, the Champion of the World' and tickle a fish until it falls asleep? There's easier ways of making a living, you know! "Oh, another screaming person leaving the park. "Nothing untoward there(!)" Well, there is a former world… "How you doing, Jake?" "Fi-i-i-ine...." There is a former world champion whose name is Reg Mellor and… Of course, it's a Reg. It couldn't be anything but a Reg, could it? Who is credited with introducing what tradition? And it's a clothing tradition. Is it an ice bath? No, it's a clothing tradition, during the event? Skinny-legged jeans. It can't actually move once you've got it wedged in there. There's a thought, yeah. Is there a requirement of the tightness of lower-end clothing? No, this is actually a lovely connection back to duelling scars. Swords. Duelling scars, not duelling- they're not duelling with ferrets. Going back to my scars on people's arses as a matter of bravery… No, but in roughly the same way that you would show off a duelling scar, that you might want to make it worse, you might want to make it clear what… He drops his trousers to show his ferret scars. No, it's a clothing tradition. Is it…? Ragged trousers. ♪ Dirty shirt! ♪ Moleskin kind of corduroys, because they don't rip as easy. Some sort of crotchless trouser...? I think that's chaps, isn't it? That's the one! Chaps. No, white trousers. Why? - Blood. - To show the blood? Yes. You got there first. Oh my God. To show the blood from the wounds caused by the ferrets. Now, I would take up a job as a painter and decorator and then whenever I paint a room red I'd come out and go, "Look at that! Ferret Champion of the World yet again!" And no one would argue.
Fillies in Philly? Thereby undoing all the good work said establishment ever did! Yes! Yes, he proposed a… You t***. I mean, don't get me wrong, that's genius. The first chartered women's institution of higher education in Philadelphia. (Fillies in Philly...!) "I say, dear boy, I thought of that one on the train here!" "Rah, rah, rah!" This is what private education gets you(!) Okay. So what did he think… w…? You're just going to need a wait a second. It's over, mate. It's over. I'm going to direct this at Chris, actually. Hello! What did he think...? It's gone. He's gone. I should leave it until there's no chance of a spit-take. I'm dead! Like that one. That's actually straight through to the green room back there. So he's just taking a minute, to just... You okay there, Matt? You've just given someone an OBE haven't you?
I got an email from an aerobatics team that said, "Hi, we attach pyrotechnics to our planes "so we can produce a fireworks show in mid-flight. "Do you want to come for a test ride?" [radio] "Going right, now." What else was I going to say? Look at that sunset. Oh, wow. - My inspiration for Aerosparx came from seeing New Years Eve on television, in Edinburgh, where underneath the castle they had a waterfall of light. I always imagined that being somehow trailing off behind the wing of an aeroplane. - Aerosparx, as a display team, we are lucky enough and privileged enough to go all over the world. We've been to China, Saudi Arabia, Portugal, lots of locations in Europe, and obviously locations in the UK. And we can display from up to 300,000 people, to a million people. - All right. It is nearly dark enough and our planes are nearly in position. This is going to happen very soon. Just to be clear, this is a practice run. This is not a proper display. When it's a display, there is a lot more going on in the cockpit, a lot more going on the pyrotechnics, and they are very much not allowed to take passengers. But, um, yeah. Let's see what this is like. - And, relax(!) - Are my nerves that obvious? - One of the big wows is flying in extremely close formation. We're helped by the wings being extremely long, so your peripheral vision is just full of aeroplane. - I don't see Guy very often, but I know that he's probably only three metres from my aircraft, and that's where trust comes in. - You'll see us firing lots of different kinds of fireworks, pyro, from the aeroplanes. They all need preparation and that can take some hours. So all of the igniters, eMatches, need inserting into the fireworks. We need to work out what we're going to put on the aeroplane where, and then the process of actually fitting the aeroplane, again, can take half an hour to an hour. We genuinely can't shimmy down the wing and light the blue to uch paper. All commercial firework displays are ignited the same way. They're all ignited with a control box lighting an eMatch or an igniter. And that goes into the blue touch paper, effectively. And we do just the same. We started out by having a bank of switches. But when you're under high workload in formation flying, it's so easy to hit the wrong button. We can fire 24 separate fireworks in our display. You can't get 24 right in a sequence. So we've actually had a bespoke computer system designed, and not only does it fire our fireworks for us, but it also controls the LED light system on the aeroplanes as well. And that means I now have only one button. So once I've pressed it once, it then auto-sequences onto the next part of the programmes. My imagination, I've found over the years, has always been a leapfrog ahead of the authorities' regulation. Not trying to stop what we're doing, but trying to understand what we're doing, and finding out where it fits into regulations that were written, quite genuinely, not for aeroplanes. So at the moment we're dealing with aviation regulation and firework regulation. [radio] Diving now. Loop now. Fire, fire, fire. Loop. Loop, now. - Check your CB, Rob, check your CB. - So the question is, how can they do this? And how can they do this safely? [radio] Loop. Loop, now. - We have defined roles. My job is to lead the formation, lead the display. - Rob is working very hard in the climb out, working out exactly where to start the display, and how to modify the display subtly to keep it in the right place with the wind conditions. My job is very clear, to fly safely and as close as I can without hitting him. Planning is everything in our display, and that planning starts on the ground before we even get airborne. We do a bumblebee dance, as we call it, so we go around in circles, in our mind and physically mimicking the manoeuvres that we're then going to do in the sky. And that then sets a cadence and a rhythm, and the physical memory of what you're doing, so that when we start a display, we're on the same page and working as a team. On the radio, we're confirming all the time what we're going to do before we do it. - Okay. Firing now. - Our choice of using a Grob 109 motorglider was for lots of reasons. One of my original imaginations of this firework display was to separate the fireworks as far as we could, and we needed a big wingspan for that. Because it's a glider, it also has the efficiency of a glider. Which means that we can perform aerobatics with a very small engine, and it gives us grace. The disadvantage with a motorglider is a very small engine. That means we take a long time to climb to altitude, and when we're at altitude, we try and conserve all the energy we have. We describe our as play as painting with light. We like to think that the focus is more on the image we're painting with the aeroplanes, rather than the distinct manoeuvres we're doing separately. Fireworks are great on the ground, when you're flying next to fireworks, it's even better. And I still pinch myself every time I even think about going flying with fireworks, and just think, 'I can't believe we're actually going to do this'. - That's incredible. So that's, what, two tests now. And what are you doing tomorrow? - Tomorrow will be twice as much pyro in the same length of time. So it's going to be Armageddon. - Thank you so, so, much. - Very good. - You can find out more about Aerosparx and all the displays they're going to, at the link in the description. - Thank you. What we are going to do is turn the engine off. - Oh. - And land as a glider. - Okay. Um. Sure! - There you are, look. No engine. The propeller's just... just stopped.
For those just tuning in?! This is YouTube. You're not just going to open up YouTube and find yourself half way through a video! I did wonder. I occasionally get emails from internet startups who want to try and get our videos on something. I got one from someone who's trying to "bring the TV experience to YouTube". So it removes all the ability to skip back and forth, or over things, and just shows you one video... Ah, so you go to a place, can't find anything interesting, and then turn it off again(!) That... that's not quite how I phrased it to them, but yes. That's essentially... No. The answer's no. However, if you want to give us a massive studio like BBC TV Centre's TC1... We wouldn't know what to do with it! That's true. Oh, oh, I'd have a go. Don't you worry about that. You still want to run down the stairs like "Game for a Laugh" onto a shiny floor, don't you? Yes. And what will happen is, like that bloke on Catchphrase... You'll skid on your heels and land in the camera!
- This is Giant Mine in the Northwest Territories of Canada. There are kilometres of tunnels under this rock, and chambers the size of city blocks that have been hollowed out. In the 20th century, more than 200,000 tonnes of gold were extracted from the rock underneath here. At current prices, that is somewhere north of US $8 billion worth of gold. There is a problem, though. That mining also created more than 200,000 tonnes of toxic arsenic trioxide dust. That's enough to kill everyone on Earth several times over. Over the decades, the vast majority of it was stored in the empty, abandoned chambers left behind after mining, although some of it did get out into the environment. The mine closed in 2004. When the gold ran out, the mining company went bankrupt and left the mess for the government to clean up. Arsenic trioxide has no scent, no taste, and it dissolves in water. Oh, and we're right next to Yellowknife, the capital of the Northwest Territories, and next to the 10th largest lake in the world. - There's 237,000 tonnes of arsenic trioxide, and they're currently stored in 14 underground chambers. The plan is to freeze the chambers. We're freezing the rock around the arsenic. See, arsenic trioxide is a fine powder. So it will form a shell. And eventually, it will freeze in and it will become a block over time. And that prevents water from getting in and getting out and keeps the arsenic trioxide contained. So each chamber, of course, is differently shaped. Some are regular shaped. Some are very rectangular shaped. So we want to freeze 10 metres beyond all boundaries of the chambers, both on the horizontal and the vertical. We're going to freeze at least to -5°C. The way we're going to freeze it, we're going to use a technology called thermosiphon technology, and it's basically a technology that uses the ambient air temperature, the cold air, using a long tube filed with carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide, when it's a gas, it rises up to the top of the tube. And then if the air outside is colder, it will dissipate its heat, turn to a liquid, and with gravity, will drop back down to the bottom of the tube. And there, it can warm up, take the heat out of the ground, and it just continually cycles, extracting heat from the ground. Since we're in Yellowknife, north of 60° latitude, it's colder above ground than it is below ground for the majority of the year. - Freezing the arsenic doesn't make it less toxic, but it does make it impossible for any water to seep in and then carry the arsenic out. And that was the mining company's original solution using the natural permafrost here. And it might have worked, if they hadn't mined the rock above it, exposed the permafrost layer to the elements, and started to melt it. Freezing should work, but there are skeptics, and they do have a point. Freezing requires constant upkeep. This dust is arguably worse than radioactive waste. There is no half-life here. It won't decay over time. The dust will be just as deadly in 10,000, 100,000 or a million years. - So right now, there's nothing on the horizon. The freezing was deemed the best technology for the arsenic trioxide. So we will be funding research indefinitely until a different solution arises. We have frozen one of the chambers. We did what we call a freeze optimization study. We chose one of the chambers. We installed the thermosiphons, but we also installed some freezing pipes filled with glycol to do what we call an active freeze, which will be very similar to a hockey rink. So based on that study, we determined that we could use the passive technology, which is just the thermosiphons with the carbon dioxide. It just wasn't quite as fast, so it's gonna take a little bit longer, but the trade-offs are such that we don't need to use power and it's a lower maintenance over the longer term. So the remaining chambers will be frozen when we start the remediation project. It could be as early as summer of 2020, but more optimistically, 2021. Our last estimate for the cost of the project was 934 million, including the care and maintenance phase that we're in right now, remediation that we'll go into in a few years, and then the long term care and maintenance. This project has gotten approval for 100 years. - These days, countries in the developed world have regulations that mean mining companies shouldn't be able to do this. We have environmental impact studies and long-term plans, and we have public scrutiny of pretty much everything. But we still have to fix the mistakes of the past and make sure that today's mining companies can't just walk away from their legacies. Thanks to everyone at the Giant Mine Remediation Project. Pull down the description for links about them and about some of the history that I couldn't fit into this video.
To be fair, Lorz went on to win the Boston Marathon — [Sharp, trumpet-like fart] [Laughter] You thought you were going to get away with that, didn't you? [Gasping] Yeah, I did. I can see the waveform! Don't anybody tell him about anything else anybody's won! Gary Brannan: farting at marathon winners. Farts at victory! [Sings 'Chariots of Fire' melody'] [Blows raspberry] Yeah, what happens if Gary actually wins anything? He follows through. That's why I never have. What, followed through, or won anything? Not the latter. Um, Frederick Lorz went on... Frederick Lorz went on to win the Boston Marathon the year after. But Thomas Hicks was... You okay? No, he's lost it. He's lost it. Everybody take five. We'll reconvene when he can breathe. [Hums 'Take Five'] [Guitar riff] Will it help if I poke you? Might happen again. TOM: Okay. Um... CHRIS: Mi mi mi mi mi... Frederick Lorz went on to actually win the Boston Marathon the next year — don't you dare! Why are you laughing?! Let me get this line out. We'll edit it together. TOM: Frederick — MATT: Get it out. Frederick Lorz actually went on to win the Boston Mara... [Laughs] [Laughter] GARY: [Blows raspberry] Are you on satellite delay? Frederick Lorz actually went on to win the Boston Marathon the next — GARY: [Laughs] TOM: I can't look at Gary! I can't look at him! He looks like he's having the worst s*** of his life! Well, that's the post-credits quote and no mistake!
The crazy eights as in the number. Eights, so it's not the crazy After Eights? Oh my God, do you know, I really don't like those. I've discovered that after we got, bought a load of them. -After Eights. -After Eights, they're s***. It's taken you how many years to work out you don't like After Eights? I'm growing up, I am maturing and I believe I can have my own opinions now. And one of my firmly held ones are that After Eights are w***. But you're reaching the stage in life where you should be getting excited by After Eights. -What are they for? -The kids have gone to bed, you've invited some people around for a light brandy. And I want to eat some toothpaste and chocolate, why? Exactly. And possibly a brandy snap with squirty cream in it. Oh! "Combined! Standard! Extreme." Are you selling razors over there? Yeah. The new Matt Gray CSX! "With 32 blades. 8, then 8, then 8, then 8." "For the extreme shave." i.e., a shaver that would be that big, you just put it against your face, you go, 'Uh,' and you're done. You've got no skin left. Or is it a ham slicer? That's going on the cutting room floor. Are you going for the Imothep from The Mummy look and just… "In a world with some bad things inside it." "And a city with all bends in it." I can have a new career in narrating. I'd do that, I'd listen to that, go on. Go on, do Harry Potter for me. There's audio description and then there's the audio lack of description. Just loads of silence and you just lean in and go, "I don't know what he's doing, he's on a stick or something. Magic?" No, so the bloke with the hair and he's driving the movingy thing, but the movingy thing can't be driven because it's running at... that... kind of...? No, fine. It's close, I'll give it. Schting! Cutting room floor. Phenolic acid. Is it an acid? -I'm not, I'm not… -Can we just get a runaway train of Gaviscon to hit it 'cos that'd... That's what you want for your hangover. Yeah, it really is, the runaway train that is Gaviscon. With a proper hopper with like a hose, "Aargh!" Hand actions I shouldn't be doing on camera. Gaviscon. Yeah, that's not the internationally approved symbol for Gaviscon, there. Wrong white liquid. It's pink, isn't it? Moving on. See a doctor. So anyway, doctor... Yeah, the movie had Devil's Cu… both of you okay there? Yeah. Stops your heartburn though. Gets right to the insides. Sorry. It's going to take them a good 20 seconds to recover from this. Just so... I should point out, you see 15 minutes, we're going for about 45 here, so... It makes you wonder what Pepto-Bismol is really, doesn't it? Thought: runaway train film with all Alien on it. And just as the train goes honk, the little mouth comes in and out. No, they've just got a seven and a quarter inch train in the front. Coming out of a landscape that looks just like Ian Holm. Tha's a joke that landed for one person here. Welcome to the Holm Hills. Let's let them kiss, and they made a baby. Sorry, I'm all over the place today.
I've dressed my cat in a Christmas jumper. It's possible. - "Hello, is that PETA?" - Did it have panniers? It would have, if they had been- But my cat has tried on a Christmas jumper. It's had two Christmas jumpers and she's had a Christmas dress. What are you putting in…? AUDIENCE: Aww... The dress was… shut up! Don't encourage him! The dress was medicinal. Because she had a cut on her side and kept scratching it and she didn't want to… So you dressed her in frills? Does it distract…? Is she just constantly batting at her own culottes instead of...? So she tried and scratch the dress, couldn't, the cut healed and she was a lot better. Is this a cat-sized Christmas jumper and dress or, like, human size? No, it's human size you pillock(!) Of course it was... No, he just drops jumpers on it(!) Actually, no, it wasn't cat sized, it was small dog sized. Okay. Not so silly now.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today - he reads books you know - it's Chris Joel! Home team advantage! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan: Gary Brannan! Does this dining chair have an ejector seat and if so, how? and the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Hello Youtube! In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [ding] and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... Today we are talking about Graham Island. Cause of a national shortage of Grahams in the 1980s when they all emigrated. Is that what, in this country, we'd call Digestive Biscuit Island? Graham crackers! Thank you, one for you guys over the water. Oh, is that what a Graham cracker is? Yeah, it's a digestive. I didn't know that. It's totally a digestive. Aren't they just called "biscuits anglais" on the continent because they refuse to accept that they have-- They don't affect your digestion at all It's only in Britain where we hold on to this falsehood, That's part of the same kind of train of thought that makes them call it "la cor anglais" and not the French horn. [French accent] Ah, zese crazy English. Zey sink everything is about them! Everysing zat is sh*t is over there Your biscuit? Sh*t. Your horn? Sh*t. Less than two minutes into the show, into the series and today's nation we are insulting is France Hi, France! We need a spinning wheel with an arrow that goes [rattling noise] ding! La France! Just on everyone except one that says 'Germany'. We'll get to you Eventually. Amazingly that's what the Germans said to the French in '39! Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Morocco. We haven't done that one yet I'm spreading the love(!) Tell you what. Eritrea We got you Graham Island Okay Is it a man or an island? It is an actual island There are a couple of Graham Islands by the way, this is not, uh - There is a Graham Island of British Columbia, Canada - so the new world - named after someone. This is somewhere in Europe It's not made of... what islands are normally made of: You know what -- So land? So it's no no no, it's not made of land or rocks or bricks or anything. -- Is it like one of those things that's an oil rig? -- Hang on, "or bricks?" No, islands aren't made of bricks, Gary! You were doing so well, .. until you ... 'I'm gonna give him a point' aahh it's made of bricks... No! Is it a volcano waiting to happen? I'll give you a point and I'll give you biscuits for that because that was spot on. It is a submerged volcanic island. So it isn't? -- But it's not an island if it's not above the sea, is it Which, in 1831, poked above the water for a bit -- Long enough to be spotted -- And then became flaccid. Yes. So this volcano had a momentary dong That someone jumped up, stabbed a flag in it and it went beneath the waves. I think that's what would happen, if that was Poseidon's cock Which it sounds like it is You get the flag, and it goes pfft and collapses. Cold water. Well it goes a lot bigger when -- When El Nino comes past, you know! It erupts occasionally -- I'll bet it does... In 1831, the Royal Navy flagship claimed it for the British Crown Where is the island though? The island is off Sicily But it's one of ours? It is... well... It was all ours in 1841! Sorry... 31. Anyway... Appeared in July/August 1831, disappeared in...? -- October, 1831 -- 1850s, after Krakatoa went up. Change of sea level, and all that. It's a wonderful theory, but I was just going for the cheap joke: 1832. So. new island pops up, British stick a flag in it, Automatically a Starbucks on it. Automatically. Obviously. Sorry: Ye Starbucks, of the time, obviously Starbücks(!) How big was this island? About the size of a Starbucks. No, quite a bit bigger, actually Two Starbucks. Two Starbucks, a McDonald's and a parking area for doggers. Point. 63 meters. You can have one for that. It also had two small lakes. Two lakes? That's not a lake! That's just water. that's stuck on top of it when it poked out! Yeah, do you know any other definition of a lake? I would rather... That's just a f***ing puddle! Again... Why did Graham island disappear so quickly? It sank? The sea levels rose because of global warming, and ice caps and that kind of stuff. Not that early... Is it because it was andasitic or continental plate lava rather than oceanic plate lava, which is basaltic and very hard? Continental plate lava tends to dry as much softer rock so it was eroded much more quickly. You're absolutely right, it was comprised of very loose volcanic eruption, and simply disappeared into the ocean through erosion very quickly. Through wave action. -- Sorry; that's amazing work. -- Sorry guys... Take the points. Take all of the points. This one is mine Stick a fork in this one: it's done. And it eroded before anyone could work out who actually owned it. But we had a flag! Sorry Eddie. But Her Majesty's flag had been firmly planted atop, and somebody had opened a lovely bistro and restaurant(!) I like the idea that it is Her Majesty's flag, not the Union flag. Just. "This is mine... Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt f*** off" I'm glad you have read the official rules of engagement for claiming new land, which is that one of you does dress up as Queen Victoria and say: "F****** f*** off" Even if it's not England, still have to dress up as Queen Victoria "I am not enjoying zis..." France! There's another one at you! Lets talk about that conflict then. Who else thought they might have sovereignty over it? Italy! But... is Italy existing at this point in time? There we go... Sicilians, potentially. That's a point. Yes. The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. Where's the other one? In the very still Mediterranean, they thought there was another Sicily underneath. They spent years tunnelling! Two Sicilies were the island of Sicily and... what else? The bottom of Italy Yes. Have a point. Absolutely right. The bottom half of what we'd now call Italy. The bit they've managed to invade quite frankly. Let's face it. Yeah. So did Italy just use to be the top half? All of Europe was just warring states for-- Well that's why they're just loose federations. As you know. Switzerland is still a loose federation of states. Yes. The best one is of course the Helvetic Empire. It was all kerned beautifully. Well that's what I thought! I went to Bern for a thing and on top of the big state building... Is that the name of a place rather than fiery, burny...? Bern is a place. It's called Bern because Bern in Swiss means bears and they've got bears there still in a bear enclosure Amazing tourist attraction. We've caught them all now, they're here Have you been to Vauxhall? Just asking. In an enclosure(!) But, of course, the state building just says, and I didn't know it at the time, just said: Helvetica. And my first thought-- I looked at it and went, no it's not. That's New Roman! So you got those states. Other states that'd had a claim on it...? If it's in the middle of the Mediterranean you've probably got any of the Mediterranean states that are around there or close by England and Sicily... Spain also said-- I like that. Anyone that was close by to the Mediterranean: England. We're on the map. That's mine, that's mine Wait: Gibraltar. c.f., claim on Gibraltar. We're totally near that(!) "I think you'll find that means we own this now." "We own the gate therefore we own--" "What's that? What's that? You can get in? Try it!" You now there's still massive fights with, really fantastically petty, but oh my god still quite s*** scary fights between Spain and Britain over Gibraltar Basically: not only just move towards a shipping vessel, trained weapons on it. Like in that kind of "no, we're not joking "if you don't turn around this one goes off "and Bob here has got an itchy finger. He's not had a chance to use one of these for real..." "He's not shot this since 1982 and he's bored." "And we all want to see the firework display!" "Turn around chappy." What I've learnt today is, that I know nothing about the history of Europe. Do you know anything about the house of Bourbon? Is that the one that's in Milan? I'm probably wrong. France. Point. [ding] Well said. How wrong can I be everybody? European royal house of French origin. What did they want to set up on this lump of volcanic rock? Distillery, if it's bourbon. Fort! Hospital! A palace. Leper colony. You're all thinking way... BUTLINS! Point! [ding] I wouldn't actually say it was a Butlin's. Billy Butlin hadn't really come along and done that concept yet. [French accent] Biilly Butliin. But it's a holiday resort. Is what we've got here. Obviously Sicily had a different name for the island. Barry. Barry Island. That actually is an island. Aww! Oh yeah! Was it like "Giovanni"? Yeah, it was Giovanni's. Too early. Guiseppi. They named it after their king, so it was going to be called, Ferdinandea. Still marked on navigation charts, for many, many years. Kind of stayed about eight meters below sea level. For a long, long while. What happened in 1987? It was kerploded on purpose, so it was less of a danger to shipping? Yeah. I'm going to give you a point for being... Yeah! For being kerploded! [ding] Kerploded by accident? Er, for sh*ts and giggles? Kerploded by mother nature? I'm going to give Gary [ding] the point by saying by accident. What were they actually trying... I can't believe I'm actually still saying the word kerplode. What did -- what were they actually trying to kerplode? This was done, from the air, with a depth charge, in 1987. Were they fishing? Not with a depth charge! They can't be depth charging a bloody submarine. That's an act of war. Point! [ding] Not in the Libyan conflict or anything was it? Libya had submarines? In 1987 a US Air Force pilot, on a mission to bomb Libya, mistook the island for an enemy submarine. And dropped depth charges on it. In how many seconds would it have taken him to go, 'They got submarines? No. Pft, We'll leave it then.' But also... no, no, no. If he was on his way to bomb Libya, and he had depth charges... They must have had submarines, otherwise why would he have been carrying depth charges? Otherwise he'd have hit it with a conventional bomb. That's a fair point. I can't dispute the logic there. So there is... Not a very wet country is it? No. I've had a look while you guys were talking about that, at the citations and the references on that. Was it needed? There is a bit of a dispute about this. It has been removed from the article a couple of times going... "This is clearly an urban legend." But there's a reference in the Independent to it. There's a reference in various other news sources. All of them just saying, "this happened". And I'm wondering if that's actually true, or whether it's some local legend that's made the newspapers Everyone's referenced each other. Yeah. That's why it doesn't quite make sense. Yeah. There's a slim chance he dropped a conventional bomb. Or a massive chance, I think, as you say... Yeah, it didn't actually happen. The Independent says the Sun reported today... The Sun says the Daily Mirror reported today... The Daily Mirror went. Yeah alright, er... What happened today. Somebody blew up a rock. Fantastic. Fernando said he he's not there any more. And from what we know. The depth of this particular thing it would be eight meters. Yes You don't use a depth charge for eight meters. No! Otherwise I'd pull a gun and start shooting. You throw bottles at it. Where've you f------ gone? If you could depth charge at eight meters, you wouldn't have a boat any more. You can flip the bird at eight meters. Top Gun. Just go fly upside down, over the top of it. Flip the bird on the way down. You can make that reference now! I saw Top Gun last night for the first time in my life. I saw a film today! God. What happened in 2000? Someone put all the bits back together again. I say it was un-bombed. Erupted again. Oh! I'll give you the point for that. It was close to eruption. There was seismic activity. (Groans) # I'm on the cusp... It wasn't quite there. So what did Italy do? Because it's obviously not Sicily anymore, it's the nation of Italy. What did they do... Surrendered! Italy. Italy. Went and parked up next to it, with a flag hung over the side of the boat, ready to go... Ooh. A little bit further than that. What? Actually stood on it as it was... Yeah, basically. Have a point. [ding] Actually, yeah, as it's going to be, erm... Yeah, it's going to be an extrusion, isn't it? So the actual bubbly material is at the bottom. It's just pushing up the dried column. Dried! Cooled column. Did they cap it so that it was above ground and then claim it? Chris, out of everyone was closest. They sent a diver down and put a flag, under water, on it. So then as, when it appeared... Italy. I respect that. That's pretty cool As the Scrapheap Challenge of boats comes round the corner of the Mediterranean Just an Italian, just waving. [frustrated cry] Right. Erm, Ah, by which point. can we get funding for this? Because that's just such a brilliant denouement. As the flag pops out. Just as it gets above. Just as they are about to start playing that really uppy downy Italian anthem that they've got. Out comes the Union Jack. [Cheering] The Italian one just flutters off. Sean Connery nods and drives away in his DB5 shaped boat. No, if Connery did it, just as the Union Jack came out, another one... a Scottish flag. St Andrew's Cross. See, what they should have done is just laser carved it in to the rock. Hmmmm. Argue with that! But! Erosion was a problem already. As we have previously established. He's right you know. That have done stranger things, because they have all those bases out in the Pacific, haven't they, that are man made islands. They could just sail in there, put some hoardings round it. Pump the water out and start slapping concrete on this bastard, until it's actually big enough. Compared to reclaimed stuff in Japan... Do a Dubai on it. Yeah! Do it in the shape of my face. Have like a nose shaped volcano in the middle of it. Well there's that one in Dubai, isn't there, where there's the guy's cut his name in canals. Hasn't he? That you can see from space. And then reverted it. They're not there any more. They're cut in, and then somehow they got... not paved over, but reclaimed. Because there's not much water out there, let's face it If the island does rise again, it's almost certainly going to be within... "THE ISLAND WILL RISE AGAIN!" Thank you. If the island... appears above the waves again, because of modern treaties... Who will have rights to it now? Is it in international waters? No. Not any more. -- It's in territorial waters? -- Yes. -- Is it Italian territorial waters? -- There we go. -- It's Italy's. -- Point. [ding]. Simple as that. "It's just a little island. We're not going to have a big fight over it." Those are words that will get spashed over a paper in about five years time. So they said 'It's yours'? I mean you could choose to interpret it as that. Ooh, so it's, who gets there first? To the scrapheap! At the end of the show, congratulations Chris. You win this week. I think fairly clearly Well I think Brannan put up a fight in the end. It was close, it was close. (It's mine.) Congratulations, you win a patch of Somerset marshland, that's been filled with oily fish, that was previously owned by a documentary film maker and a white rapper. Oh God. Jesus. Go on. Come on. It's Michael Moore and Macklemore's mackerel moor. You enjoy your time on that. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel. Woohoo! Gary Brannan. Matt Gray. Bye! I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time. [Translating these subtitles? Add your own credit here!]
Last time I did a video about gravity... I was trying to get across that gravity changes depending on where on earth you are. For a few reasons, including the earth not being a sphere and what I forgot, was the composition of rocks, but... What you might not know is that gravity doesn't always point straight down towards Earth. If you're next to a massive mountain, something on the scale of Mount Everest, then the mountain will exert its own gravitational pull, which means that the forces add and-- Oh boy!-- The forces add... Here we go! Which means... Oh, this is bad, this is scary. Oh boy! Which means that gravity sometimes doesn't point straight down. Oh boy. There's a sign... Today's lesson is that when it says "slow down", it really does mean "slow down". You can come off on an alpine slide! Don't believe the people who say, that you can go down without brakes. Don't believe someone who says, this isn't actually terrifying and that you don't need to slow down around the corners. You do! And if you don't it hurts! Never mind gravity. THAT is something you might not have known. Injury count: Road rash in four places, hands stung with nettles, and significant damage to my pride. Chris and Matt, they got down just fine. So like I was saying, gravity doesn't always point down, but remember that it does. [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] . . . Wicked!
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it's Chris Joel. Nepo Slian. Where the f*** did you get that from? Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. ♪ Trailer for sale or rent, underpants like a tent. ♪ And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Please let us know if you spot the secret shamanist message in this show. " 'Eezer goode." Oh! Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt that. That is the most reluctant clap I have ever heard for an introduction. Matt, they're going to sound like they're at gunpoint. In front of me, I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is: Oh, they're in tune tonight. And today we are talking about a hail cannon. Is it a cannon that shoots hail? No. Did this belong to Ming the Merciless? "Klytus, I'm bored. What plaything can you offer me today?" "A vibrator, or a cannon that shoots hail." Are you using those for the same thing? Because wow. I was about to say, that's a very weird version of Flash Gordon but there literally is a parody of… of Flash Gordon. -That would be Flesh Gordon. -Yes. Which went around at my school like hotcakes, let me tell you. The hail cannon does not shoot hail. Is it a "meteorological event"? -Ooh! -Why did I say that like Michael Gambon? "Izzita-meteorological-event?" Is it something like cloud seeding? Ooh. So a hail cannon might be something you set off from a plane into the clouds to make hail happen. [TOGETHER] Why would you want that? Now in stereo. I'm giving… I'm giving biscuits there for two reasons. First, stereo, and secondly, that is a very good question. The hail cannon does not create hailstones, you wouldn't want that. What would you want? Does it stop hailstones? Does it slush them? It is a shockwave generator claimed to disrupt the formation of hailstones. Ooh! Ooh! You look surprised by this, Chris. -No. -Either that or you've just sat on yourself. "Ooh, me hailstones!" Well, they've been shattered. Was this first discovered when Brian Blessed climbed Mount Everest in that a loud enough shockwave which shatter water? "Stop that, I'm camping!" Oh, it's just a big bang, so it is just a cannon that makes a big loud thing, and then the big loud thing makes the hail go, "No, I'm not going to be hail anymore." Apparently, yes. What, 'I'm going back up'? It just looks like a big cone with a box at the bottom of it. What do they put in the box? A man's part, then slam the lid shut. Oh! Oh, that'll get a loud noise, that would. That would get a very loud noise. Acetylene and oxygen. Hang on a minute, is this farting into clouds? I've talked about this before. -I still think it was a good... -Yes, but you meant you had your arse against a plane window and were hoping for the best. Yeah, but in the service of humanity. It's basically a contained 'boomph' of an explosion, And then all that force gets projected up into the sky. -It's a airzooka. -Yeah. I'm being hesitant about saying that's what it's doing. Has no one ever actually done it? Lots of people have done it. These are installed in a lot of places. Has no one measured their success? -I mean… -"Never been cited in a peer reviewed journal." Oh, just because it's never hailed after that's happened doesn't mean it was going to hail to begin with. Because you can't tell. There has been a review, which is why I didn't give you a point for 'Has no one done the research?' They have done the research and the results were...? Inconclusive. No, pretty conclusive. -Didn't work? -Yes. People are firing massive amounts of explosive gases in the air to create a massive boom, for no f***ing reason at all. -Yes. -I love our race. There is another reason to doubt it. What else happens near hailstorms that would be a heck of a lot more powerful than one of these cannons? Brian Blessed, skydiving. -Planes? -Thunderbolts and lightning. -Correct. [TOGETHER] -Very, very frightening. F***! At least that one was vaguely scripted. Which does bring me to something called a cloud buster. Oh, now, this was a song by Kate Bush. Oh! Oh! Gary. Thank you. It was, this was the device that inspired the Kate Bush song, Cloudbusting. 'I'm running up that hill, I'm something, something, something else,' but it's about the man runs up a hill and is he like a scientist who's arrested at the end? I'm remembering the video more than the actual facts here. You say scientist, the man's name was Wilhelm Reich. He was Austrian and a psychoanalyst. So not innately qualified to do weather. No. No. And the cloud buster wasn't like the hail cannon. It had a very different intent. To make it rain? To make it rain by doing what? Did they lob dogs named Buster up into the clouds? Did they lob copies of the 1980s film about the Great Train Robbery, 'Buster', into the air? -Do you want to be the third one on this, Chris... -No. No, okay. Okay. No. It was a series of parallel hollow metal tubes at the end. Tubular bells? Flexible hoses and then those are placed in water. Is he shooting water into a cloud to make it rain? No, I've just described the entire thing, you've got… -It's just a thing sat there? -Some tubes, some hoses and some water and it claims to manipulate something called orgone energy. Oh! It's bollocks. Yes, it is. O-R-G-O-N-E, it might be 'org-own' or 'org-on'. It literally has a mark in Wikipedia here, it says 'Orgone: pronunciation?' No one knows. And then it says it is a pseudoscientific concept and there are seven references after the word 'pseudoscientific'. There's been some arguments here. Officially bollocks. What is orgone energy supposed to be? It's the chi version but for weather. Oh, it's a bit further than that. Is it supposed to be the equivalent of whatever dark matter is? Is it some kind of surrounding force that holds water in? It's actually, it's not just to do with water. Is it a life force, is it a binding life force? Yes, it is essentially the Force from Star Wars. It is an esoteric energy, a hypothetical universal life force. And by putting a vibraphone into some water via some hoses, I can make the Force cry. What you have done there, Gary, is just give the best… the best summing up of the cloud buster that I think I've ever heard. (Kate Bush, call me.) This is moving back now to actually trying to make rain. This is not orgone and the cloud buster, this is the US military. And they created Operation Popeye, 1967 to 1972. Any ideas where that might have been? -Vietnam. -Yes, absolutely right. Why might the US military during the Vietnam War, have wanted to make rain? -Is this Napalm? -No. No, this is literal rain. Is it to kind of drive them out of the jungle because it's so very wet, -and horrible and they don't like it anymore? -No. Is it to wash off all the Agent Orange that they've used to poison the entire country? Ooh. Is it to get Agent Orange into the rainfall and then use that to drop it rather than the aeroplanes? No, it's actually, it's more of a tactic about logistics. Well, to make the roads muddy? -Yes. -So they can't move things around. Yes, soften the road surfaces, cause landslides, wash out river crossings. And one other thing about the climate in Vietnam. -Make it very humid and therefore… -It already is. -It already is, isn't it? -What happens there, -about certain times of the year? -Monsoon season. Yes. The idea was to extend monsoon season, with the 54th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron. Who had a slogan, and it was, it ended with the words 'Not war'. -What were the first two? -Make rain. 'Make something, not war.' -Water. -Wet? Okay, you've got the rain, you've got the ground, you put them together. Slippery. -Make slippery, not war? -Yes. Yes, sounds perfectly reasonable to me. 'Make mud, not war' was their slogan. But weren't they making mud to make war? -Yes. -No! They conducted 50 experiments in the Laos Panhandle. And the government of Laos, what did they think about this? Did they not even notice because nothing happened? You're close, but no. Were they annoyed that they were flying about all that and then nothing happened? -No. No, they weren't annoyed by it at all. -Did they like it because it watered their crops- -No, they didn't like it either. -Did they notice? They weren't actually even told about it. -Cheeky. -The US government just decided to fly over and seed some clouds with lead iodide and silver iodide. Oh! Oh, they're bad. -They are. -Purple rain? Bloody Prince again. Isn't iodine purple? Yes. I've never listened to the lyrics of Purple Rain before. Neither have I and I'm rapidly thinking, are they about this now? No, no, no, they're not. No. Wait, I'm going to check that. Because let me… let me tell you, if it turns out purple rain, is actually about the US military's cloud seeding experiments in Laos, I am giving you biscuits. Prince explained the meaning of Purple Rain as follows, "when there's blood in the sky, red and blue equals purple". So unfortunately, no, it's not about the US military seeding with lead iodide. But it could have been. Yeah, sure. Also I'm fairly sure lead iodide is not actually purple. No, as soon as you change iodine into something else it would lose it's colour, wouldn't it? Facts kill humour, kids. But the question is, did it work? -No. -Yes. -Correct. -Because everything else on the show hasn't. Yes, 82% of the clouds produced rain within a brief period after having been seeded. Wow, that's very wet. So it did work, but nowadays you're not allowed to do that, why not? Some kind of treaty that says, 'Don't do that.' Weather modification treaties because it could be used as an act of war? Ooh, you are absolutely right, it is the Environmental Modification Convention. Have a point. Which was signed... The Weather-a-bugger-about-y Treaty. Yes, the Weather-a-bugger-about-y Treaty. that's really hard to say. It's the Weather-a-bugger-about-y Treaty. The Weather-a-bugger-about-y Treaty. and now we're going to a song, ♪ whoa... ♪ ♪ The Weather-a-bugger-about-y Treaty ♪ Yes, it is a ban on weather modification techniques and on the use of herbicides in warfare. When might that have come into use? End of Vietnam. Yeah, in 1977, Agent Orange and everything was banned by that treaty. Did they ban the modification of Kate Bush as well? How would you modify Kate Bush? -Get rid of hailing. -You're right, she can't be improved upon. There is a link, at the bottom of Operation Popeye. Does it say never get involved in a land war in Asia? It says… It says Project Storm Fury. -F***! -Yeah. I want it, I want a badge, I want a hat with it on, the whole thing, Project Storm Fury, unless it killed a lot of people, in which case I am less interested. What was the US government trying to do between '62 and '83 with planes filled with silver iodide? -Anger the weather. -Un-anger the weather. Yes. Make friends with weather and then use it against them. Why would the US government, not the military; I nearly said US military, but it's the government, why would they want to modify the weather on a large scale? Get rid of the tornado belt. Ooh, it's close, it's not quite tornados but something else that's been hitting them more lately. Oh, hurricanes. Yes, tropical cyclones. The idea was that they would fly an aircraft into a cyclone. Was it a Hurricane? Fly a Hurricane into a hurricane? No. (The Hurricane is a type of plane.) Used in the olden days. Yes. No, it was a Lockheed P-3. -Is that… is that a dull plane? -Mmm. I don't know if you were saying that was a dull fact or it's a dull plane. -Both. -It's a dull plane being flown into a hurricane. What, you think it's just a way to get rid of them? Some US army general, "We need more B1 Bombers, they've got Swing Wings, God damn it. "Fly the P-3s into a hurricane." "Turn that recording of the meeting off, we've heard enough." Yeah, the idea was that it would just fly in. Just fly in…! Presumably with Slim Pickens on the top in his cowboy hat. "Wahoo!" And the answer is they probably didn't make it work, but they did… Well, we still have lots of hurricanes. Yeah, it probably wasn't actually going to affect anything, but they did get a positive outcome out of it, what might that have been? Less P-3s. Fewer P-3 Orions, yeah. They absolutely found it didn't work but that involves doing something, finding that out. A massive amount of weather research. Yes, that's absolutely right, out of this attempt to seed the clouds, they found a huge amount of research that helped them forecast future hurricanes. I was going to say this sounds very 50s, but the fact they were actually trying, -it feels a bit later. -1962 to 1983, have the last point. Yay! And with that, congratulations, Matt, you win the show. Yay! You win a vertical purple lead arse. It's a plumb plum plumbum bum. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time.
I'm in the small village of Jelling, in Denmark. And behind me, in that central churchyard, are the Jelling Stones. They're runestones, historical markers placed there by some of the first kings of Denmark more than a thousand years ago. Once they were painted bright colours, but a millennium of erosion has taken its toll. That's also why they're now in a climate-controlled glass box to keep them safe from the weather and from vandals. The smaller, older stone was placed by King Gorm in honour of his wife, Thyra, but the larger one: that was placed by their son, whose name, once you translate it to English, was Harald Bluetooth. The inscription honours his parents, and then it says: "Harald, who won for himself all of Denmark and Norway and made the Danes Christian". There's an inscription of Jesus on the back. Now, obviously, history is messy and complicated, and if you are raising a memorial runestone to yourself and to your own achievements, then you gloss over some of the less successful bits of your history, but still: this is an incredibly important artifact. It's called Denmark's birth certificate, it's part of this World Heritage Site, and it tells the tale of a king who united Denmark and Norway. A thousand years later, an engineer at Intel called Jim Kardach was working on short-range radio technology, the sort of thing that might unite computers and cell phones, and make all those devices speak one compatible protocol. The various names proposed for the various technologies were things like Biz-RF, MC-Link and Low Power RF, which were all a bit unwieldy. Kardack heard the story of Harald Bluetooth from a Swedish person that he was working alongside, and he figured, huh, that'd make a good codename for the technology. And that's all it was. A codename. The official name that was decided later was Personal Area Networking, or PAN, a name that stuck until three weeks before launch when the lawyers said that they couldn't possibly trademark something so generic. With no other options, they went with Bluetooth. And that logo? Harald Bluetooth. HB in the runes of the time, more or less. Combine those two characters into what's called a "bind rune", sort of kind of like a signature... and there's the Bluetooth logo. A thousand years ago, a Danish king stood somewhere near here and ordered those stones to be carved and raised. And now, his name is on our phones.
This is the control room for JET, the Joint European Torus at Culham Centre for Fusion Energy. JET is a nuclear fusion experiment, a scientific research facility that's hopefully one step on the journey to plentiful, clean fusion power. When it's running, the reactor vessel is literally the hottest place in the solar system, ten times hotter than the core of the sun, and right now, we are just a couple of minutes away from an experiment -- or as they call it here, a pulse. We're running a series of experiments at the moment looking at disruptions. Plasmas really don't want to be there. When they cease to be, they create quite a lot of mechanical energy which can shake the machine, and in future power plants we really want to try and mitigate against these problems. So right now, enormous, 700-tonne flywheels are being spun up to provide enough energy for the experiment. Less than a hundredth of a gram of gas is already in a vacuum vessel next to the torus, and when the pulse starts, it'll be pushed in and heated: by enormous magnets, by injecting hydrogen atoms, and just by dumping huge amounts of radio frequency power into it, making it into a superheated plasma. And then it'll hit about a hundred million degrees Celsius, and we will start to see nuclear fusion. With fission, you're always trying to slow it down and control that reaction. And we have exactly the opposite thing. And therefore it's not possible to see a situation where you could have a large-scale accident as you could with fission. Now, there are huge numbers of machine protection systems watching the experiment. If anything goes wrong, power gets cut and the whole system just stops. But if something's more subtly wrong, there's one safety feature you might not expect. Up in the ceiling are surround-sound speakers, hooked up to microphones in the reactor hall, where no human is allowed. Those speakers relay the sound from the experiment to the crew here in the control room in real time, as if they were standing -- as if this point where I'm standing right here -- was in the middle of the torus. And all the high-tech machine protection equipment here is necessary, every single bit of it. Computers can react so much faster than us: that human delay between incident and response could be the difference between a safe shutdown and some rather expensive repair bills. But if something is subtly wrong, like when you get a faint, weird noise in your car, humans might be able to notice before computers do. A couple of years ago, we had a disruption and we could hear this clanging noise. And we were able to pinpoint the exact area, and what we believed it was which was a clamp which held a pipe, and we were immediately able to walk into the area, go to where we believed it was, and found it -- and then could replace it. The engineers here: they're taken a human ability -- that feeling that's been honed by hundreds of millions of years of evolution, that something is just subtly wrong, something is off -- and they've put it to work on one of the most incredible things that humanity has ever constructed. All right. Here goes the pulse. [Five, four, three, two, one, zero...] [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
♪ [Wagner's <i>Ride of the Valkyries</i>] ♪ [ Hovercraft noise ] Nice!
A pure tone is a vibration of air back and forth at a certain frequency. And it sounds like this. [tone] If you want to raise the pitch of that tone, you can speed up those vibrations. [higher, shorter tone] But because you've sped the vibrations up, that tone doesn't last as long. Slow it down... [lower, longer tone] ...and that tone will go on for longer. Pitch correction, or auto-tune, is clever. When it changes a note that someone's not quite sung correctly, it changes the speed of the vibrations, but it also adds or removes some vibrations so the duration stays the same. Except that's not quite the full answer. Because musical notes don't sound like this: [tone] They sound like this. - ♫ Hello ♫ - ♫ Hello! ♫ - ♫ Hello... ♫ - ♫ Hello~ ♫ Ladies, gentlemen, and all in between, the Gregory Brothers. ♫ ♫ Oh yeah, some talent's still require~d ♫ [effects and auto-tune fade out] [note continues] [gasps] - I know we're wandering off, but I thought that sounded pretty good. - That certainly worked for me. [laughter] - That's good. - It's a powerful note. - That hurt! That actually hurt.
[Captions are available above]
How do you make something last a thousand years? Because that is a long period of time - there are very few human endeavors that have lasted a millennium. The buildings behind me aren't designed to last that long - a century perhaps before they're razed and redeveloped with something else. The Great Pyramid of Giza, that's lasted an incredibly long time. There are universities who can trace back nearly a thousand years. There's a construction company in Japan that started in 578 A.D. - and went into liquidation a few years ago. But if you have a project that wants to last that long, well, you're not going to be alive to see it through. I mean, we can hope that life extension technologies will come along - but right now, humans don't live much past a hundred years. So what do you do if your project requires a thousand? Well, behind me is Longplayer, inside Trinity Buoy Wharf Lighthouse, here in London. Longplayer is a music composition for singing bowls, designed to last one thousand years - from the start of 2000 to the end of 2999. And that is an incredibly long time. In order for that to work, it doesn't have to be a person that sees it through, it has to be a corporation. In this case - a non-profit, a charity - something called the Longplayer Trust, whose job it is to keep the composition going. Right now it's being synthesized by a computer. There's a large instrument in there that is in the process of being completed. And the trust's job is this: • Update the computer when it needs updating, • Port the software to another language when it needs porting, • Find replacements for the people on the Longplayer Trust board when they need replacing, so that, in nine-hundred and eighty-something years, whether it's here, or somewhere else, or if the sea levels rise: another city or country entirely, you will still be able to hear Longplayer somewhere in the world. That is how you make something last a thousand years. You use many people, and an entity designed to last that long - which is: a corporation. Which is something, you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm flying a few thousand feet over Lincolnshire with the Red Arrows, the Royal Air Force aerobatic team. And maybe this is patriotism talking, but they are the best aerobatic team anywhere in the world. Aircraft flying at hundreds of miles an hour just metres apart from each other. Not just in level flight either. They do things like this. - Here at the Red Arrows, we fly the BAE Systems Hawk T-Mk1 powered by the Rolls Royce Adour Engine. We've flown them here in the Red Arrows since 1980 which is obviously a reasonable time, but they are perfect for what they do. They are sprightly, they're fast, they're simple to operate, and they're a pilot's aircraft. Today, we're going to have seven aircraft of our total of nine in the display. We fly 6 to 11 feet apart in the air. We're doing actually about 400 mph. The skill of formation flying is essentially triangulating a position. So you have two references that you're looking at. One at the front and one at the back of another aircraft. And as long as you line up both those references perfectly, you will be in the exact formation position. We train for approximately seven months before we even display anywhere near the public. We fly the same display for almost four months of those seven, and it's a building-block approach to get us to the stage where we are absolutely safe, professional and excellent enough to display in front of the public. - So the question is: how is it possible to safely fly this close and perform manoeuvres this precise? Part of it is training, trust, and talent, but part of it is a skill that you probably already know, keeping your distance from the car in front when you're driving on a highway. It's just that instead of working in one dimension, these pilots are working in three. Or, if you count time, maybe even four. - My job as a team leader is to annunciate to all the team pilots where I'm going and when I'm going to do it. So we have a very metronomic radio voice to let them know-- "Coming, right, now." "Hold-ing-the-bank, now." Hold-ing-the-bank, now. Everything is done on that cadence and the guys know when I'm going to make that input. The actual art of formation flying, in itself, is reasonably straight forward. So the relative motion between the aircraft is meant to be zero. And the only time that we have any relative movement between the aircraft is when we're asking the pilots to change shape. For the pilots who are up there, whilst they might be upside down at 100 feet, to them the other aircraft don't look like they're moving at all. So you can be too high or too low, which we call too shallow or deep. You can be too far forwards or too far backwards, which we call short or long. And of course, this being a three-dimensional game, you can be too close, or too tight as we call it, or too far away from the other aircraft, which is what we call wide. But it's also about timing. So we're trying to, as the Red Arrows, make it look like we're one wing that's moving beautifully in graceful formation. And to do that, the guys who are furthest away from me as the leader need to know when I'm going to turn. I expect them to have already started putting their inputs if they're along way away from me, and if they don't, they're behind the time and it's going to look like a broken chair. Every formation shape and every formation position has a different route to get out of that formation quickly and safely enough. They're what we call the escape strategies, but every manoeuvre is different. So the pilots are not only remembering which manoeuvre's next but also how to escape from that manoeuvre when it's coming up. The pilots here on my team have an inordinate amount of trust in each other. They have a prescribed piece of airspace next to the aircraft that they're formating on. That's what we call the box. And the pilot who's flying next to them trusts that they're never going to be outside of that box of formation. - Thank you to the Red Arrows, to the RAF, and Rolls Royce. At some point I'll be over in their Starrship channel, so have a look at the links on screen or in the description! [laughter] Oh wow! [laughter]
- This week's guest video was pitched to me as a puzzle and I couldn't solve it. So please welcome physicist Jade Tan-Holmes who's going to show you the same puzzle and then solve it with maths. Jade, take it away. - Here's a puzzle for you. You have a painting, a piece of string, and two pins stuck in a wall. Can you hang the painting in such a way so that if you remove either one of the pins the painting falls? The thing to focus on here is how to tie the string around the pins, not any of the physics of the objects. So if you tie the string in the normal way one would hang a painting, this obviously won't work. It's pretty easy to think of ways we can tie the string so it falls when one of this pins is removed. But the challenge is to make it fall if either one is removed. Pause the video now if you'd like to try it for yourself. So what we're working towards is a way to tie the string around both pins as a whole but neither one individually. So there are a few different ways to solve this puzzle. But we're going to do the one which takes us through knot theory. Knot theory is the mathematical study of tangled systems. As this is a problem about tangling things together, chances are knot theory will come in handy. With puzzles like these it's sometimes hard to know where to even begin. A common technique mathematicians use is to strip away everything but the most important features. So, let's think about what we can get rid of. What parts of the problem aren't providing us with any useful information? Let's look at the painting. It's cool, but is it really telling us anything? It's just joining the two ends of the string. If we get rid of it and tie the string together we can reframe the question as can we hang the string so that if either one of the pins is removed, the string will fall? It's just a simpler version of the same question. Sorry, fashionable chicken. [chicken squawks] What else is unnecessary info? Let's take a look at these pins. Basically nothing matters about them except how they interact with the string and the fact that they don't interact with each other. We don't care about their positions, size, shape or colour. We don't even care that they're pins. Mathematically, it makes sense to want to deal with just one type of object instead of two. Imagine reading a story that's written in both English and Chinese. Sure, both languages make up the whole story but it'd be much easier to work with if it was all the same language. This is exactly what we're going to do now. Translate our problem all into the same language, the language of knot theory, by converting our pins into strings. All the properties we care about are still there. If we tie them shut they can't interact with each other and they can trap our original string. In knot theory a closed string is called a knot and a group of entangled knots is called a link. Now we can reframe the question again as can you tie the three knots so that when together they're interlocked, but if you remove one, the others fall apart? So far we've gotten rid of a bunch of information, but we haven't really isolated what's important. What should be focus on if we want to solve the puzzle? Well, there's really only one way a string can interact with another. It can cross over them or it can cross under. The crossings are the only things we have control over and are the key to unlocking the puzzle. The crossings basically determine one knot from another. But the thing is, the same crossing can look very different. This makes knots hard to reason about in an organised way. It's like if you had all the components of a story but had no idea what order they were meant to be in. But if we organise the crossings we can reason much more clearly about the knot. Let's take this random link of two knots. If I start on a random string, at a random point and start following the string, drawing on my paper as I go, we can keep track of all the crossings in an organised way. We keep going until we come back to where we started. We've just created something called a braid diagram. Knot theorists use these to model all kinds of links. The point of braid diagrams is to keep track of the crossings while getting rid of all the unnecessary information distracting us. In a braid diagram, the lines representing our strings are called strands. If we label the strand positions one, two, and three, when the strand in position one crosses over the strand in position two we can label this crossing X, and when the strand is position one crosses under the strand in position two, we'll call this inverse X, as it basically undoes what X just did. When the strand in position two crosses over the strand in position three we'll call this Y. And when the strand in position two crosses under the strand in position three, we'll call this inverse Y. This notation is called a braid group. And actually everything we need to know about our problem is encoded in these letters. The way these letters work is that the X and inverse X cancel and the Y and inverse Y cancel. But they only cancel out if they are next to each other. So coming back to our problem we want the knots to be interlocked as a whole but none of them locked individually to another. So if we think about this in terms of our braid group, removing a knot is like removing all crossings involving that knot. If we remove the green string all the Xs will be removed. And if we remove the pink string all the Ys will be removed. What we want is a configuration where as a whole nothing cancels. But if we remove either term, everything cancels. Let's see what we can do. We've got three strings. Our system is symmetric, so what we do first really doesn't matter. Let's just start with an X. Remember the pins can't interact with each other, so we have no choice but to do another X or inverse X. We don't want to have an X and an inverse X next to each other because we don't want anything to cancel yet. So we'll do another X crossing. This is just like wrapping one string around the other. We could keep going like this with the Xs but we need to include the other string, so let's do some Ys. Now because we want our terms to cancel out in the end, that means every X needs an inverse X and every Y needs an inverse Y. If we do two inverse Y crossings now they'll immediately cancel out the Ys we just did, which isn't what we want. So let's try two inverse Xs. Now we can do two inverse Ys. So let's take a look at where we're at. If you remove all the Y terms, the remaining X terms cancel each other out. And if you remove all the X terms, the remaining Y terms cancel each other out. But when everything is together, nothing cancels. That's exactly what we want. Now let's work backwards to the original puzzle, chicken and all. We can use the braid diagram to model our link. Let's see if it has the property we want. That when all three of them are together they're locked, but if you remove one the others fall apart. Yup! Now let's bring back the chicken and the pins. Okay guys, this is it. So now we're going to map our braid group notation onto our system of pins. So, remember from the braid group diagram that basically a double X corresponded to wrapping one string around the other. And a double inverse X corresponded to undoing that move. So here we're going to say that a double X corresponds to wrapping around a pin clockwise and a double inverse X corresponds to undoing that move which would just be wrapping around the pin counterclockwise. So, double X. Double inverse X. Double Y. Double inverse Y. So let's do it. Double X Double Y. Double inverse X, wrapping around counterclockwise. Double inverse Y. So now the moment of truth. [drumroll] [thudding] BOTH: Mathematics! So this definitely wasn't the easiest or most straightforward way to solve this puzzle. So, why did we do it this way? Well, now we have this whole framework for solving this problem for any number of pins easily. If we want to add another pin to the puzzle this would be a nightmare to brute force. But we can just work backwards from our braid group, and it's simple. Today we used knot theory to solve a fun puzzle, but it actually leads to some very fundamental mathematics. We were searching for a way to wrap the string around both pins as a whole, but neither one individually. But more broadly we had to keep track of the relationships between smaller parts of a bigger system. This kind of connection has led to deep insights in many areas of science. Just recently, people have been exploring the design of quantum computers using particles that behave just like the braids that we saw in this video. So if you want to win a Nobel prize someday better start tying some knots! - Thank you Jade! Go subscribe to Up and Atom. I would recommend starting with her video on quantum tunnelling. And next week, a video that may leave you breathless.
The VHS look has been popular lately in music videos and other video art, as the 90s come back into fashion: all neon colours and diagonal lines and over-enthusiastic voices! I cannot keep that up. Now, some producers will actually take the time to get their nice, crisp HD footage and put it through an actual video recorder to get that effect, but let's be honest, most won't. Most will use the same filter as everyone else, so I figured to explain how it works I would talk to the guy who wrote that filter. - VHS has very muted colour because more information is dedicated to the black-and-white information or the luminance part of the image. The colour suffers a little bit, so it gets downsampled, there's less information there, it tends to kinda get softened and bleed outside of the edges and stuff. When we originally gathered footage, so, they went out to Goodwill and second-hand stores and picked up as many VHS and SVHS decks that they could find. With the decks and camcorders that we had, we used a clean reference image that we could later compare the recorded version on the deck to. So, when you take an original, clean version and the post-VHS version and line them on top of each other, you can create what we call a lookup table, which allows us to define the colour differences between the two images. But a lot of the time, people are quite young, applying these retro filters or styles, and have sort of an idea of what they're supposed to look like, so it's a little bit of both. - VHS is an analog format, it's not storing ones and zeros, it's storing patterns on a magnetic tape, and that means that copies aren't bit-perfect. Not only is there random noise, but there's also some interesting analog glitches. - We start with a blank tape, it looks like this. When you throw it in to one of the VCR decks, one of them has the lid off of it, and that is the one that actually died making the VHS transitions. That one went through a lot and all of that got printed onto this tape. Essentially just taking the device and then doing a lot of bad things to it. While the tape is loaded in through the playback heads, you can run a magnet across them and just really mess up how it's going to play that back, and tracking be damned: it'll flutter and be all over the place. This one, I believe, died based on a belt failure, but that belt failed while I was using two pencil erasers that were taped to my fingers slowing down the head while dropping a magnet on top of it. It was interesting, and then all of a sudden it just mechanically stopped. The hardest part about that was just getting the tape out. - There is a section in the code that is just called 'tape damage'. There are things like what we call the pop lines, when you are recording tape and you get pieces of dust or debris or whatever stuck to the tape and it rolls across the scan head, that one line will create a streak across the screen, and then there's also a scrolling wrinkle. Generally it's repeating cause often that happens when the tape jams up or something like that, and you end up with a bunch of wrinkles that somebody then reassembled the tape back. - Of course, there are some things that a filter can't add, like: Camera angles! Neon typography! And fake enthusiasm! But perhaps some things are better left in the past. - "And there's more from Tom at the same time next week. "Coming up later, Captain Disillusion is going around in circles, "but next, a programme chosen for you by the Algorithm."
I did a video a couple of days ago about how to throw a bucket of water at someone. I got a couple of complaints about that, mainly about me falling in the pool at the end. A couple of people complained that my acting was terrible. It was. A couple of people claimed that the push was obviously faked and scripted. It was, because anyone who would push someone into a pool without their permission is an absolute jerk, and I wouldn't want to hang around with them, but no-one picked up on the real obvious clue it was fake. Not even the underwater camera shot that didn't have a camera in the wider angle. No, the reason is if you actually try and push someone into a pool it doesn't look like that. You push someone into a pool they're not going to want to go in: priority one, don't go in the pool, priority two, keep your head above water. So, it tends to be sort of a half stagger and then a bounce, and then they come out dry from here upwards. You push someone into a pool in the movies or on TV though, and it looks a little bit something like this. Go, Hadley! The difference is-- he says, retrieving the new camera-- I went in back first, as low as I could go, as much 'umph' as I can manage going under water, and then, you can see that I actually keep myself under water: my arms are pedalling the wrong way, because it looks way more impressive if I'm under water for a couple more seconds than I actually would be. Anyone sensible, anyone who's actually intending to get thrown into the water, wouldn't stay under, they'd barely go under at all, their hair might even be entirely dry. But you push someone into a pool in television: you need to convince the audience that it's a big splash, that it's a big under water 'boomph' that sends them all the way down. In reality, as ever, it's not nearly as impressive. And that is something you might not know. And now, here are all the other takes of me getting pushed into the pool. If you're doing this, make sure there's enough distance between the person you're throwing in and the edge of the pool. You want to wait for the go signal next time? Sorry! [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] Towel? Yes, please.
I'm with Felix Cohen, who runs the Manhattans Project. Hi there! Tell them something they don't know! So we're going to look at how to do flames out of citrus peels today. First of all, I'm going to get a drink that we can actually flame, and make it worthwhile. So we're going to make a Mandarin Sour with Mandarin Napoleon We're going to get a double shot of that, the juice of half a lemon a little bit of sugar syrup going in there. And then also the white of an egg. And we're going to take an orange. You want to get a nice firm peel on the orange So this is not a particularly big one but it's got a good feel to it. And you're going to want to cut a piece roughly the size of a £2 coin. Try not to bend it at any point. You'll want to keep it as flat as possible. We've got just a little bit of pith on the back of that. And then grab a lighter. I like to use a Zippo for this, 'cos you get a better flame out of it but matches are also good or even just a petrol lighter. You're going to hold the flame between the orange peel and the glass and you're going to have the orange peel between first fingers and your thumb. Making sure not to bend it. And you just want to warm it up gently here. and that is just breaking open a whole bunch of vessels in the skin of the orange that hold the orange oil which is what we're going to set on fire. So once you've warmed it, just hold the flame between it and gently pinch and you'll get a nice flame out of the orange which is burning the oils and gives the drink a really delicious smell. -- Thank you very much, Felix! -- Thank you. Cheers! -- That is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
TOM SCOTT: The Youth Winter Olympic Games have brought me over to Lillehammer, in Norway. It's still early in the season here, so they are making snow. Because getting these slopes to competition standard isn't easy. ROGER HJELMSTADSTUEN: Here in Hafjell we have about 250 snow guns They're all controlled from a big control room and they all are connected together. It's a lot about planning. To put the guns at the right place. It's about wind, if you put it on the wrong side it's going to be a lot of snow in the trees. That's why we have two teams working night and day the whole fall, the whole winter, to make sure everything is perfect. TS: Here, in the snow gun, huge amounts of water and air are being forced through tiny nozzles, creating a fine mist that freezes into fresh powder. But while the weather is cold, the temperature is actually not quite below freezing here. So why does this water freeze into snow? Why doesn't it just... rain? Okay. Physics. As water evaporates, it sucks heat from the surrounding environment. Put some water on your hand and blow on it, and the wet part will feel colder because that evaporating water is sucking the heat away from your body. That's what's going on here. Some of these water droplets evaporate, so they drop the temperature around them. Which means other droplets might start to freeze. And once that's started, you get what are called nucleation sites: the start of snowflakes. And if it's not quite working efficiently enough, then you can buy a kind of protein slurry. You add it, very diluted to the water, and suddenly every droplet is a nucleation site and can form its own snowflake. RH: To make snow, we have pipes for water and pipes for air. On top of that, every cannon needs a computer cable. The water here in Hafjell comes from big lakes at the top of the mountain and from there it's natural pressure going down. That's the easiest and least expensive way. During a normal season, we use about 30,000 litres a minute. It sounds a lot, but we have a big, big lake so during the whole season it's about 5-10cm down and that's if no new water is coming in so most of the time, it just looks like it's not touched. TS: The drier the air is, the more water can evaporate into it. So if the air is really, really dry, 0% humidity, you can make proper snow when the air temperature is well above freezing, anything up to 6°C. But if the air is humid, there is nowhere for those droplets to evaporate to. At 100% humidity, when the air is saturated, the temperature has to be -2 or lower to make snow. 'Cos this isn't some kind of instant magic freezer. The laws of thermodynamics pretty much make that impossible. Much as it'd be great to have a snow gun that works in the middle of summer all you're going to end up with then... ...is a rainmaker. RH: So, snowmaking is really important for big contests, but it's also really important for just the average day here in Hafjell with normal people. It's what we need to make this mountain work. Without it we'd be nothing. We need snow! TS: There's a load more videos over on the Olympics channel and on my channel, go check 'em out, go subscribe, and thank you to the Youth Winter Olympic Games for bringing me out here to Lillehammer. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
TOM: I am with Kate Oliver and Andy Collins from the Centre for Functional Nanomaterials at the University of Bristol. And they're going to show me how we see tiny tiny tiny things. KATE: So we're nanotechnologists, and for us, a tiny thing is an atom. TOM: Right. Okay. KATE: So we have one way of seeing atoms. It's called a scanning tunnelling microscope. And it uses the fact that if you bring a tip close to a surface, there's a probability that because of quantum -- TOM: I love that explanation. KATE: -- the explanations will go from the surface to the tip. So basically, as you move the tip along, if you hit a bump, more electrons will tunnel up into the tip. And that will give you an idea of how close the surface is. TOM: But that means you need a tip that is one atom thick. KATE: It means you need a tip that is very small. TOM: Okay. Which is where you come in. ANDY: So I'm going to show you how to make a tip that's one atom thick. You need to get it as sharp as you possibly can for good imaging. We've got a secret weapon of nanoscience: Pliers. And wire cutters. TOM: I kind of assumed there'd be some kind of hideously expensive equipment required in this, but... ANDY: So I've got some platinum wire. TOM: Okay, that is hideously expensive. ANDY: It's a platinum iridium alloy. And we use platinum so that it doesn't conduct oxygen, which would make the tip fatter. Because we want one single, conductive atom at the surface of the tip. So if I hold that wire in my pliers, and I apply the wire cutters at a 45 degree angle... ..there we go! That means you've got something that, in theory, is atomically sharp. TOM: That's fantastic. So what do you do if it's not conductive? Because quantum tunnelling only works with something that's conductive. KATE: This is an atomic force microscope. TOM: It's really cool! And it's actually scanning at the minute? KATE: It is. You can see on the screen here, that is -- 20 micrometres across. So that is about a fifth of the width of one of your hairs, Tom. But we wouldn't be able to see anything on here if it wasn't against a really flat, high-contrast background. Luckily, we have a number of minerals that come in convenient flat sheets. One of these is mica, which I have here. But we can't be sure that we've only got one layer on the surface. So for that, we have another high-tech nanoscience tool. TOM: Which is sellotape. KATE: Yes. Adhere this down. And it's stuck to just one of these layers of mica, or maybe a couple. TOM: But the top layers? KATE: Yes. And then: peel it off, and can you see the faint outline? TOM: There is. There is a faint outline of a square on there. Which is -- is that just a one atom thick layer of mica? KATE: Yep. And that implies that what's left is also entirely flat. Giving us a really good contrast for any atoms, molecules, species -- these are some fibres we've got on top of this surface -- that we want to have a look at and see what they can do for us that's really useful. TOM: So we have million-pound equipment around this lab. And then we've got pliers and sticky tape. ANDY: Yes. TOM: That is wonderful. Kate Oliver, Andy Collins, from the Centre for Functional Nanomaterials at the University of Bristol. Thank you very much, guys! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
TOM: I'm kind of expecting it to be this enormous bit of equipment that's sitting round here somewhere. JACQUES: No, no, you're almost there. It's just in... this cupboard. TOM: This cupboard! JACQUES: So here is... the quantum computer. TOM: That little chip there? JACQUES: In fact, what it really is, is just this -- you see the very thin black strip in the middle. That's actually the chip. Most classical computers store information on big macroscopic things. And what we do at the Centre for Quantum Photonics, and what other people are doing around the world, is try to store that information on single particles. Or single atoms. In our case, we're going to do it with photons, particles of light. And then you start inheriting the beautiful rules of quantum physics. TOM: So this is double-slit experiment, this is something that is a particle and a wave at the same time. JACQUES: And if you imagine these -- your two slits, and we say, well, a photon going through the top slit is a 0, and a photon going through the bottom slit is a 1, now when we run this experiment we've got the idea that we've got both a 0 and a 1 at the same time. TOM: So by cleverly cancelling out those waves, adding them, you can kind of design an algorithm? JACQUES: ...yeah. This is where it gets a bit tricker. Back in the olden days, when you wanted to build a quantum computer, you needed big things like this. The problem with this is that it gets a bit hot, and we maybe knock something, and it all misaligns. What we do in Bristol is we've been designing and fabricating what we call waveguides. Now waveguides are basically just bits of fibre-optic on chip, on a bit of glass. TOM: Okay. JACQUES: So we can actually manipulate the photons moving through a bit of silicon. TOM: And so by changing how the waveguides act, you can change the photons -- the way the photons pass through the system. JACQUES: Exactly. TOM: And that's your programming? That's algorithm design... JACQUES: That's our programming. So we're going to get our bit of glass, and we're going to put a metal piece of conductor on top. And when we apply a voltage, it's going to heat the thing up -- it's a heater... TOM: Which changes how the waveguide acts... JACQUES: Yeah! It changes the refractive index. TOM: Which slows the light down. JACQUES: Precisely. TOM: Just a tiny amount but enough to change the interference pattern later on, because we're dealing with the speed of light, the wavelengths involved are tiny tiny tiny... JACQUES: Yes, exactly. TOM: So a tiny bit of heating in the waveguide changes the interference pattern, changes the quantum computer, that's your programming. JACQUES: You got it. You got it! TOM: There is a guy -- the person from the university who's just behind the camera, who you can't see in the dark there, is just going "yes! he got it!" JACQUES: It's online now. So what you can do is, you can go and play around with a simulation of it, a model, and if you come up with an idea you can then ask to actually use it. TOM: To use that? JACQUES: And to put photons into it and to heat it up in real life. So it's there, for people to use, it's called Quantum in the Cloud. That's what we're getting excited about. TOM: Jacques Carolan is from the Centre for Quantum Photonics at the University of Bristol. Jacques, thank you very much. JACQUES: Thank you very much, Tom.
I am back with Norm, outside an alley next to a pub, which is prime fighting territory. And Norm is going to teach me some more about stage fighting. Yes! What are you going to teach me? --How to slap someone. --Okay. So, I'm going to slap you in the face. Okay, I'm going to take my classes off. That's a very good idea. Alright. Because the key ingredient in stage slapping is that you react. I will pretty much do very little. But you have to sell it by doing the "Woaah!" Yea, okay. -- Got it? --Okay. So, key ingredient number one: I will tell you, that I'm about to slap you... -- Okay --By putting my hand on your face. Okay. Then, I will slap my hand, not your face. Okay, I trust you here! --So, don't be scared. --Okay. --When my hand leaves your face... --Yep! Move! --Alright. -- That way obviously. That way: not in the hell. That way! --Got it. --Ready? --Yep. 3, 2, 1 --Can I try this then? --Yes. --I'l sell it this way. --Yep. --So, you put your hand there... --Yeah. And then you do that. Yes! Okay! --But at the point of which I feel your hand leave my face... --I didn't do that. I throw myself. Okay! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah? Jesus! That's brilliant. Do you want to do one more? Okay, okay, one more, one more. --Okay. --For the camera. Yeah! That is so much fun! That is how to stage slap someone! --Thank you, Norm! -- You're welcome. Take it. That is something you might not know! [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Last time I was outside this pub with Norm, he taught me how to strangle someone. And now, he is going to teach me how to break someone's neck. Norm, it's all yours. Right, so the key to doing a stage fighting 'snapping of the neck' is -- much like the previous type -- is the person who's doing the snapping doesn't do anything. -- Okay. -- So I'm going to snap your neck -- Yep. -- You are in control. And you do absolutely nothing? Well, I'll do ever so... but I'm not actually going to snap your neck(!) It goes without saying that if you do this with someone you don't trust implicitly to do stage fighting... It's dangerous. Be careful. Norm, what are you going to do? First thing I'm going to do is put my hand on your chin. Okay. And then adopt a "I'm going to snap your neck" pose. Yep. And then I'm just going to slightly pressure your chin. Not enough to cause your face to move but so that you know my hand is there. And when you're ready, snap your own neck. Okay. What, just as far as I can go? Yeah. And obviously, try and sell the "huaaah!" Okay. And kind of a [choking] noise? -- Yeah. -- Okay. ... ... ... I'm over there... I hope that looked good! I don't know why I'm doing this. It doesn't hurt! I'm instinctively going like this! If it does hurt, I'm really sorry. It's not supposed to! And that is how you break someone's neck on stage. This is Norm, and that -- I haven't said this in ages! -- is something you might not have known. Subtitle timing by CameronH [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
- When it opened in 1981, the Humber Bridge was the longest single-span suspension bridge in the world. More than 1,400 metres of road, weighing 17,000 tonnes, held up by cables that weigh thousands of tonnes themselves. Those cables are made up of more than 14,000 individual wires, all anchored into concrete foundations on the shore. And those cables, and the whole structure in turn, is held up by these enormous towers. The bridge is so wide and so tall that, while both towers are vertical, they're just a couple of centimetres further apart at the top because of the curvature of the earth. Nearly 40 years after it opened, this bridge is about a third of the way through its design lifespan, and it's time for a checkup. - Back in the '90s, in the United States, bridge engineers started to unearth severe cable corrosion in their early structures. So, they were building suspension bridges in the '30s. The way that the cables were designed to be kept watertight was, once the wires had been spun and formed a cable and compacted, the open wires were coated with lead paste, which is lead and linseed oil. Wrapping wire was then added around the outside of the cable, trapping the lead paste and effectively keeping the cable watertight, and it was thought that would be sufficient. Inspections in the United States demonstrated that moisture was still penetrating and gathering in the main cables and causing significant corrosion, because, inside here was its own mini climate, in effect, so it was affected by external temperatures, day, night, winter, summer. - This is a brutal environment for the cables. We're near the ocean, for a start, and down by the road there's engine exhaust and spray. Remember, the cables aren't one sold piece of metal. They're made up of thousands of individual wires. And while they're packed tightly, they're cylinders, so there will always be a slight air gap between them, and that air gap is the solution. - Water-based corrosion of steel or iron cannot occur below 40% relative humidity. There's approximately 15-20% open space in this compacted cable. If you can keep that volume below 40%, then effectively corrosion is halted. Inside the main deck of the bridge, there are plant rooms that produce dehumidified air. That air is then pumped up to the main cable and injected into a stainless steel sleeve that surrounds the main cable. The relative humidity of the air blown into the cables is low enough to have an affinity to collect moisture as it travels through the cable, drying the cable and exhausting the moisture to atmosphere, and that is a continuous, 24-hour cycle, 365 days a year, essentially for the rest of the bridge's life. So, the Humber Bridge Board first inspected their main cables in 2009, and then deployed dehumidification the following year, 2010. Here we are, 10 years later in 2019, reinspecting the main cable to ascertain the effectiveness of that dehumidification system. What we do is, with a sledge hammer, we drive the wedges in to form an open wedge in the cable. From each wedge line, the consultant engineer will select a wire, and then our guys will come along and sample that particular wire and remove approximately a five-meter length to then take the data that they need to collect from the cable. We then select a five-meter length from the drum of the new wire and splice that in with ferrules and then remove the wedges, and that wedge line is then finished. That is then repeated seven more times around the circumference of the cable, and then that effectively is the inspection complete. With 100-ton hydraulic jacks in each corner, we compress the cable back to its original diameter. - The idea that the wires are slightly corroded could be worrying, but it's well, well within design tolerances, and it's been noticed early and dealt with, and they're keeping a watch on them just in case. But bridges elsewhere in the world that aren't inspected, where infrastructure isn't maintained, where cutbacks mean that this isn't happening? Those should give you just a little cause for concern. The Humber Bridge is doing just fine. That works? All right. We're going to go for the drone shot.
I'm with Norm who is going to teach me the very basics of stage fighting. What are you going to teach me, Norm? We'll start with choking, or strangling properly We are in an alley by a pub. So this is pretty much prime choking territory(!) Absolutely it is. So we're going to start with you choking me. Okay. Right, so, the best way to do 'stage choking' or strangling rather is that you do nothing. Okay, I like this. So literally put your hand on my breastbone, chestplate -- Do you want to get in closer on that, so I can see where I'm putting this? -- Do nothing. -- Okay. Let me do all of the work. I'll grab your hand and go-- That is good! The key is that I am in control so I can pull your hand in as tight as I feel comfortable with so for people who are very unhappy at the idea of being choked Yeah. I do not like anyone being here. -- So shall I try it on you? -- Yeah, okay. -- So you place your hand just down here? -- Yeah, I'd put it there And you are now in control and I literally do nothing. Woah! There you go! There we go! Thank you Norm! That is how to stage choke someone and that is something you might not have known! Subtitles by naggyman [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
"A dream is a wish your heart makes" is from Walt Disney, and from Cinderella. That is Cinderella's Castle. It's not true, of course; a dream is a random firing of neurons that your brain is trying to interpret, but it's a lovely saying. And there are people called oneironauts —that's the technical term they've come up with—who are dream explorers, people who do lucid dreaming. The idea that you can, sort of "wake up" in your dream, be aware that you're dreaming, and then control whatever you want: fly, talk to people, beat fears, whatever you want to do. Now, I've tried to do this in the past; it's not been terribly successful for me, but one of the things I did learn is something that you might not know, which is how to tell if you're dreaming. There's a check you can start doing a couple of times a day, that is, apparently, quite a good trick to learning to lucid dream. And the simple test is this: read something. Read anything, the words on a sign, a newspaper, whatever you want. Not only will they not make sense, but they will change every time you look away and look back at them. They'll just be whatever words that your brain happens to come up with, from everything in the dictionary, utter nonsense. Whatever your brain happens to come up with, whatever neurons in the language centres of your brain happen to fire, those'll be the words you read. So, if that happens, look down at the thing in front of you right now, I mean, I'd imagine that computers don't work in dreams, either, and that's another good sign. So either you're dreaming, or you're running Windows. But, basically, look for words. See if they change, and if they do, well... don't try and wake up, try and have a bit of fun first. That's lucid dreaming and that is something you might not have known. I think I found Donald Duck(!) [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I am with Kevin Prince and I'm going to teach him something that you might not know, which is how to throw a bucket of water at someone. Yeah, you can have the bucket. All right, this is not if you want to actually drench someone if you're angry at them, but this is how you throw a bucket of water if you are on stage. I got though this by a pantomime dame several years ago, when I was in panto. And the key thing is, that what you would do normally to drench someone is not what you want to do on stage, because there's a big audience watching on YouTube or in the theater. And you want to go for dramatic effect and you also don't want to soak through the costume. So, do you want to fill the bucket. Fill up the bucket.There we go! About halfway. About halfway. There you go! Yep! That's good, because if you fill it too much, then you're going to have too much momentum, you won't be able to heft it. Too little: it's not going to look good. So, you want to aim for the chin. This is the key. Bucket of water. Aim for the chin. Two reasons: Number one, you hit him in the chest it's going to absolutely drench them, which means dry out the costume, lots of time. Number two, hit the chin, creates an enormous splash, goes backwards, gives a brilliant show for the audience, doesn't really get the person wet. --So, are you ready? --Yep! Okay. It's been a while since I did this. You ready? Yep. Aim for the chin. Go! You missed! Everything from here upwards is dry! You... Do you want to try that again? Alright, fill it halfway. One. Two. Three. That is how you throw a bucket of water at some... And that... [water noise] God dammit, Mel! [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
You're not seeing this pink. Not properly. This camera can't capture it, YouTube can't store it, and your screen can't display it. I'm in the studio of artist Stuart Semple, and he's made what he calls the Pinkest Pink. I've been painting since I was five years old, and I've seen a lot of pink. And thousands and thousands of people have used the pink, and nobody's said they've seen a pinker pink. This stuff's really pink. I've created the pinkest pink, the greenest green, the loveliest blue, and the yellowest yellow. I've also created the world's most glittery natural glitter and the mattest blackest art material in the world. About a year and a half ago, a company called Surrey Nanosystems announced that they'd created Vantablack, which was this really awesome blacker-than-the-blackest-black black but they gave the exclusive rights to an artist called Anish Kapoor to use it, and that annoyed a lot of artists, and I got really annoyed as well. So I put my Pinkest Pink out. On the web site I put a disclaimer that you weren't Anish Kapoor, you weren't associated with Anish Kapoor. A lot of people thought that was quite funny and a lot of people bought the pink unfortunately including Anish Kapoor, who managed to get his hands on it and then he dipped his finger in it and put it on Instagram that he'd got the pink. It was sort of great and sort of really frustrating when he did that, because all of a sudden we were getting thousands and thousands of orders we ended up staying up for about four weeks making pink paint and nothing else could happen and it just took over our whole life. There are all sorts of complicated and clever ways that computers can store colour, but by the time this video reaches your screen it's basically just a series of numbers that say how bright to make each of the red, green and blue pixels, the tiny lights that make up your screen. And unless you've got a really fancy, expensive screen, those numbers run from 0 to 255 -- which is eight 1s in binary. 0 means turn the pixel off, 255 means as bright as it can go. That means your screen can show somewhere around 16 million colours. But that's not every colour. And it's not this one. Because if I pointed this camera at the sun, you wouldn't be blinded. The numbers can't go above 255, I can't make your screen go brighter than 100%. And if I point it at something extremely dark, the number can't go below 0. I can't make your screen any darker than if it was turned off. In the same way, there are colours that are so intense your screen can't display them, the pixels cannot go red, green or blue enough. And this is one of them. There are massive libraries of pigments, organic ones, inorganic ones, synthetic ones, created ones, natural ones, and they've been digging them up since day dot. 'Mummy brown' was made out of ground-up mummies. So there's a huge database of pigments that you can order. And you can play with them. I've made mixes of these pigments and binders, created something, tweaked it, and gone back and got these relationships right. So it's quite a complicated little potion, actually. In a few years' time, technology will move on. It's already possible to buy expensive equipment with a wider colour gamut, and that might be able to display this pink. But in the meantime, I can try and simulate what being here is like. In this shot, this one here, I've digitally adjusted the saturation of this pink so it's not quite as intense. Now if I turn it back up... Imagine that change, but more so. That's how pink this pink is. It is ridiculously pink. Thank you to Stuart Semple and all the team at his workshop: pull down the description for more about them, their pigments, and this pink. This is gorgeous! I cannot get over how luminous this is. I started out, like, "well, this isn't doing anything, this is just powder" and then it just goes!
- This is the Uffington White Horse and it is somewhere around 3,000 years old. It was carved into this hill in Oxfordshire before the British isles had written history, so we have no idea who made it, or why. And until humanity invented aircraft millennia later, no one could even really see it properly. The view from the ground here isn't great. We're also not allowed to fly a drone over it, so you're going to have to make do with a satellite photo to see the whole thing. This is a 3,000 year old piece of art. And I am now going to smash part of it with this hammer. - We're smashing the chalk into the figure of the Horse today to preserve its appearance and keep its longevity as people have done for the last 3,000 years, otherwise it wouldn't be here. We're taking new chalk from the quarry just behind me, about 50 metres away, 10 tonnes in all. And yes, that's being applied to the Horse by the use of a club hammer. Before that though, the Horse is weeded, or "scoured" for the old traditional term, so we can get on to the best surface. We rechalk and scour the Horse every year now. They're all volunteers. Previous years have been years of neglect, maybe 20, 25 years, but traditionally, back in Victorian times every seven years. But we're proud of the Horse here, and we want to keep it looking its best as long as we can. Oxford University, back in the 1990s, came out with a newly developed sensor back then, which was able to determine the last time sunlight touched the bottom of the trenches on which the Horse is founded. And that put it to what we know today, 3,000 years ago. This is by far the oldest chalk figure in the country, nothing else comes anywhere near it. We don't know for sure about how the Horse was put in, or for what reason. We imagine that there might have been a wooden tower constructed from which the seer would be able to direct "left, right, missed a bit," that kind of thing. Part of the mystery or the enigma of the White Horse Hill is what makes it so appealing to people that come. You can use your own imagination. What would happen if we didn't chalk the Horse? I think it would grow over within 20 or 30 years. That's what we say to the people who've been kind enough to come along today and help us; is they're actually contributing to living history here. Without that human intervention, it would grass over 25, 30 years, and be lost forever. - This is art that's been preserved by generation after generation after generation after generation. Repair and upkeep that's been going on for millennia. Through the Roman empire, the medieval period, a lot of invasions, the English Civil War, the formation of the United Kingdom; all the way up to the Information Age. Every so often, groups of people have come together on this hill, to preserve this. It is a very real connection with the folks who came before us. Smashed it. Smashed it! ...nothing, just nothing.
In Britain, the reaction to the Panama Papers leak has been a bit weird. Politicians have been releasing summaries of their tax returns, all falling over each other to try and prove that they haven't got any offshore accounts or arguing strongly that they shouldn't have to prove that they don't have any offshore accounts. One of them said that requiring politicians to have public tax returns was "reminiscent of the Stasi or the KGB". Welcome to Norway. Behind me is the Oslo tax office. And if you want to know what a politician earns here, you can just ask them. It's not just politicians, though. It's everyone. Tax returns in Norway, Sweden and Finland have been public for years: the countries differ on how much detail they provide, and whether you need to have a good reason for asking -- but fundamentally the amount you earn is public knowledge here. Now, at this point, we could do the news report thing, and cut to interviews with Norwegian people on the street, asking how they feel about this. Or: we could science it, and look at a paper by economist Ricardo Perez-Truglia of Microsoft Research. That paper combines two things: first, the Norwegian Monitor Survey, which, every two years, surveys a representative sample of Norwegians and includes questions about happiness and life satisfaction. And second, when finding out someone else's tax details went from "you have to go here and look through a book, "and you've only got three weeks in the year to do it" to "a newspaper has published everything online and there's a search box". The paper concludes that wage transparency, that knowing whether you're keeping up with the Joneses, or the Johansens, doesn't make the populace happier overall. Instead, it increases the happiness gap: knowing for certain you're being paid more than your neighbours makes you more likely to be satisfied with your life. Knowing for certain that you're not doing as well? That hurts. You can still look up people's tax returns online in Norway, by the way. But lately, you have to log in as a taxpayer yourself, and everyone can see the records of who's been searching for them. That's a whole different social game right there. But there is another good argument for wage transparency: that it makes for a fairer world. There's no strong data on that yet, not that I can find, and it'd be extremely difficult to measure. But there's some good anecdotal evidence, particularly from an engineer at Google who created a spreadsheet where their colleagues could voluntarily share their salaries. The story around it, and how management reacted to that, is well worth a read. And there's also evidence that, although politicians might not like it, public disclosure of tax returns does reduce tax evasion. So does this mean I'm about to share my tax return, and report to the world how much I made last year? No. Because I'm British, because we don't talk about money, you might find out something you don't want to know... or you might hurt someone else. So my reaction to wage transparency is the same as a lot of people's: you first. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Brace yourselves, we're about to get into some serious detail about telephone systems. I'm at the Museum of Communications in Seattle, to answer a question: in old Hollywood films, when someone is on a phone call and they got hung up on, why did they hear a dial tone? [dial tone] "Well, you can stick your well-laid plan up your well-laid ass." [dial tone] Supervision is the word that describes how a telephone switch knows whether the calling and called parties are on hook or off hook. When you end a call and hang up, the equipment receives that on-hook signal, and anything that was in service at that time disconnects and goes back to its normal state. So you end up with dead air. Now, the reason that a sound director would use a dial tone instead of just nothing is kind of obvious, right? It's to make it clear that the other side has hung up. That's certainly what lots of people argue online. Except they could just do that by using one short sound effect. And sometimes, they do. "Don't ever call me again." [rattling click] "Wow! I... I guess you're home." "Good luck." [rattling click] It turns out there's another reason. Back in the days of celluloid film, southern California was one of the few places in America with independent telephone companies, not part of the giant Bell monopoly that handled the rest of the country. Well, behind us is a step-by-step system and it's a relative of the telephone systems that were used in most of southern California. The Bell system didn't have as much of a monopoly there. As I dial a number, various elements of the step connect me through the system from start to finish. And that's where it got the name step-by-step. As I finish dialling, the call will connect... [ringing] ...and it can be answered. Now, in the step system, it doesn't have what's called 'far-end supervision'. And that means that the called party can hang up and pick up again as many times as they want, and the call won't disconnect. But if the calling party hangs up... [dial tone] ...the called party will get hit with dial tone right away because the system doesn't know whether I've been hung up on or whether I've just picked up the phone. So in Hollywood, where all of the movies were being written and filmed, their experience on the telephone was actually different from most of the rest of America, and the world. Which, let's be honest, is kind of like so many other things in Hollywood. The bottom line is: the folks making the movies really did get a dial tone when they were hung up on, at least sometimes, so they put that in their films. Or they picked whichever option worked best for the scene. If it's still happening when a character uses a cell phone, though? That's just lazy. Thank you to all the team at Seattle's wonderful Museum of Communications! You can check out their YouTube channel over here or pull down the description for a link to the Museum and to see their opening hours and a list of all the incredible equipment they've got here.
TOM SCOTT: I got an email that said: "Do you want to come and see our satellite clean room"? Yes. Yes I do. (How do you get into this thing?) WOUTER WEGGELAAR: This is the clean room area. We have a working environment here for the people to work clean. Basically this is a box in a box. And on the roof we have some filters and also in the walls we have ventilation so the air is always going downwards and this is also a laminar flow cleanroom so the air is also going straight down instead of in vortexes. TS: This is Innovative Space Logistics in the Netherlands. Originally a spinoff from TU Delft's engineering department, they now launch Cubesats, like this one -- okay, it's a model, that's why I'm allowed to touch it -- but they launch satellites like this into actual space. I mean, the rockets go up from all over the world, but some of the satellites that are on board? Put together right here. WW: Well, the cage behind me is a customs area where we have the satellites enter the clean room but not the Netherlands and that's for export reasons. Technically we're exporting these satellites to a country which is the country of launch but they are exporting to space and space doesn't have a box on the forms! TS: There are international standards for cleanrooms. They go from ISO 9, which is just normal air, to ISO 1. Now this room is only ISO 7, which doesn't sound very impressive until you realise it's a log scale: each level of that standard requires a tenth of the dust and particulates. So this room guarantees less than 1% of the dust outside it. WW: So the main contamination source -- and that's also why I'm wearing all of this -- is particles that are released from our own bodies. Dead skin cells, hairs. If you smoke, even air you exhale. Beard, in my case, because I have a beard mask on. Cardboard, paper, velcro -- basically stuff that can hold particles and release it when you don't want to. TS: And it's not just the dust particles that you can see. Those are actually pretty easy. Cleanrooms also have to remove microparticles, things smaller than a bacterium. You don't have to get them all, but you do have to get most of them. WW: This is a small communications satellite called Nayif-1. And this satellite will be a communication experiment and also will be used in classrooms for teaching about space. Schools can pick up the signals from this satellite decode them in the classroom and teach about space, teach about radio. TS: In here, the worst-case scenario is contamination on a camera lens, or a vacuum gyroscope that fails while it's doing 10,000 RPM... in space. This down here is an actual satellite, it's headed for space later this year, and I've got to stand back from it, because if I lean over, dust from me, or spittle from my mouth, could fall down. Won't break anything right now, but in zero-gravity, in vacuum, with direct solar radiation shining down on it? You can't exactly call a breakdown service to fix your satellite. So for safety's sake, it's kept very, very clean. But those ISO 1 cleanrooms? They're for very different missions. WW: ISO 1 cleanrooms is very clean, and basically for Mars missions, or missions to the moon, where we do not want to contaminate the surface of a planet or a body that we go to. TS: Are you sending anything to Mars any time soon? WW: Not at the moment, it's not planned but maybe in the future we will send something to Mars! You never know. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
- There's an urban legend that when grave-robbers found their way to ancient Egyptian tombs, there were warnings they ignored. "Do not open this tomb. "Do not steal the riches inside. "You will be cursed and you will die." It's not true. Not just the curses aren't real, but those warnings were just an urban legend. The robbers wouldn't have been able to read them. And even if they could, the messages weren't warning of curses. They were just the ancient equivalent of a 'no trespassing' sign. This is Olkiluoto, an island on the far west of Finland. And here, they're building a tomb for something that really is dangerous. In a few years, the deep bedrock here will contain the world's first long-term storage site for high-level nuclear waste, right next to some of the reactors that produce it. This isn't a video about whether nuclear power is good or bad. I think it's good, and so, it seems, does Finland. The third reactor here is being tested now and it's due to go online next year. But this video is about a different question. We do have nuclear power in the world, so where do we put the waste? I didn't know how it would feel until I stood here. It is very strange to have 400 metres of rock above my head and knowing that inside that solid plug of clay there there is high-level radioactive waste. This new tunnel complex is called Onkalo, which translates as 'cavity'. And long-term storage really does mean long-term: 100,000 years. To put that in perspective, 100,000 years ago, humans hadn't made it to Europe yet; the continent was still frozen in the middle of an ice age. Our species were just hunter-gatherers. This facility is being designed to last for geological time. And yes, despite the fact that there are hundreds of nuclear reactors in the world, right now there is no permanent geologic storage facility anywhere for high-level radioactive waste, the spent nuclear fuel, the really nasty stuff that could cause disasters if it leaks. Now, the problem isn't urgent. The world doesn't actually produce that much of it, relatively speaking. A century's worth of high-level waste from all the current reactors in Finland will fit in the final version of this one new facility. But right now, around the world, high-level radioactive waste is generally stored near reactors, first in water ponds that require active cooling, and then in concrete casks that'll last, well, about as long as a concrete building would; not long enough. The US has been trying to work out a storage site for years, but their one serious attempt, Yucca Mountain, has been mired in politics for decades. Finland, here, is closest to building that solution. - The geology in Finland is very old. We are talking about two thousand million years is the age of what we have below our feet here. And in that way, it's really stable and it represents the most ancient parts of this Earth. High-level waste will be disposed of with cast-iron copper canisters, and the canisters are put into the hole in the deposition tunnels and then these are surrounded by bentonite clay. Clay has a low hydraulic conductivity, which means that the water doesn't transport through the clay. The spent fuel, when it's taken from the reactors into the disposal, it's highly radioactive. But with time, the radioactivity will decrease. After 500 years, people can stand beside the canister and it's not dangerous. But there are some other long-lived radionuclides which might be harmful in case they were to come up to the surface and into the drinking water, into the wells or biosphere, and therefore the geological disposal will isolate the waste for 100,000 years. - This area isn't prone to earthquakes or other natural disasters. Geologically, it's about as peaceful as you can get. So, the plan is: dig the tunnels and then, for 100 years, put the casks of waste in, and then backfill each tunnel with clay so they're encased in solid rock. And once the site is full, fill in every bit of it, every last tunnel, and then leave it forever. There are multiple levels of containment. The idea is that even if one or two of them fail, everything will still be safe for 100,000 years, unless someone digs it up. When the US government was thinking about using Yucca Mountain as its storage site, they commissioned a now-famous report on how to mark a site like this. How do you warn people away, even if our civilization has collapsed, our language has fallen apart, and no one knows what radiation is? There were all sorts of ideas, from a spike field to 'forbidding blocks'. But all those would ultimately be a big sign saying, "Hey, there's something interesting under here; dig!" - The facilities will be closed in about 100 years, 6,500 tonnes of uranium. We have not decided what is the best way to mark that. - There was one other idea in that research paper: Don't mark the site at all. One the repository is full, fill it in, seal it shut, and then hide it so there's nothing remarkable at the surface. There are very few reasons to dig this deep, particularly here. The odds are slim that some future archaeologist would deside to dig 400 metres down in this remote location. And if they did, if someone ignored all the warnings or arrived after everything had been eroded away up top, well, if they did break through all the containment in search of treasure, what they'd get is radiation poisoning and a particularly unpleasant death. If the grave-robbers that dug up Egyptian tombs had started rapidly and obviously dying from a real curse, maybe they would've taken the hint. Thank you so much to all the team at Olkiluoto who showed me and all the camera teams who are down here today around. You can find out more about them in the links in the video description. All right, thank you. Your turn!
I can't see any of this. I can't see the mountaintop, or the yawning chasm in front of me, and this isn't some magical drone camera hovering out in mid-air. This is the Mixed Reality Lab at YouTube Space New York, and if I want to see anything around me other than these green walls, I'm going to have to wear this headset. The challenge with virtual reality is that while the person who's in it is amazed, and waving their arms around and experiencing it, the rest of us don't know what's going on. And so mixed reality is a way of letting everyone else see what it would be like if we were there too. We have an actual camera that is filming you in the headset, in front of a green screen, and then the game just needs to know where the virtual camera should be. We're using an HTC Vive for the VR, and if we use a third hand controller and attach that controller to the camera, now the game understands where the camera is and so we can have both the actual camera and the virtual camera moving through the space and recording what it would be like if we were inside there with you. We're using a PC that's specced-out with the highest-end Intel processor, 32 gigs of RAM, and the current high-level consumer video card, which is an NVIDIA GTX 1080. We're rendering at 4K, and anything less than that is going to run into an issue! What's needed to make the mixed reality work is a small config file that sits right in the root folder of the game that you're playing and that config file contains the offset between where that controller sits and where the actual lens of the camera is. And then you also need to match the rotation and the field of view of the camera so other than that, it should work with any recent built of Unity. Unity is a framework for building 3D stuff that a lot of programmers use. And because the system ties into it, the Mixed Reality Lab can work with a lot of different VR games. Not all of them, but a lot. And because the tracking on the HTC Vive is so accurate, we can do things like go in for a close-up on the laser gun that I reckon I'm holding right now. Granted, there's a Vive controller sticking out of the middle of it, but the positioning is pretty much perfect. When you're playing in VR normally, all the computer needs to output is the view that you see in the headset. When we're doing mixed reality, we also output the view as seen from this third controller, this virtual camera. And so what that gives us is four views instead of just the one. The four views are, yes, the headset view as usual, we also see the background, as seen from the perspective of this virtual camera, and then we have two layers of foreground, one of them is the image itself, everything that should appear in front of the player, and then we have just a luma layer to help you key out the black space. The SteamVR plugin automatically selects the foreground and the background based on the position of the headset. And anything that is between the headset and the third controller is foreground and anything that's beyond the headset becomes background. Here in our studio, we're doing a live composite on the fly. And this is a rough idea of what you'll get in your final edit. The live composite is a bit rough around the edges, but you can also take the original assets and do a much more detailed composite in post-production later. Now, virtual studios aren't a new thing. The BBC have been using one for election night for years, although it uses carefully pre-arranged graphics, lots of expensive broadcast-quality equipment, and the host has to rehearse and hit all their marks exactly for things to look right. And let's face it, replace this headset with a Helmet of Justice and you've got 1990s British kids show Knightmare. All those were fancy, custom-built affairs, though: this uses more off-the-shelf components. If you want to do this at home, you're going to need a large, wrap-around green screen, but you could paint your walls! You're going to need a very powerful computer, you'll need a camera that can feed a signal back into your computer, you're going to need a capture card and third controller, but if you have all of those things, you can build a mixed reality setup at home! Thanks to everyone at YouTube Space New York, and the Mixed Reality Lab. You can find out more about them at the links in the description. (Are you going to keep the bump?) (That's actually...!) Yeah, that's nice! All right, that's good! That's a wrap!
This is not a normal video. I have about 20 minutes until the boat carrying me back to my ship leaves, but I am currently on a hill in Ilulisset in Greenland, along with John, who works for Tele Post Greenland, and Jakob, who is my translator here, and who is also holding my microphone inside his coat! And the reason we're here is because this is the microwave relay site for this entire town and, by extension, everywhere north. And John here has kindly agreed to answer a few questions. This, er, this is going to be a slightly rough video! The largest package you can get is about four megabits. And how long does it take you to upload something? Ah, well, the upload speed is .7 megabits per second. So it takes a horrendous amount of time to upload anything. There's a line of sight all the way from the south, from mountaintop to mountaintop, all the way up here, and way up north. So we should actually be able to see the other relay tower. Where is the next relay station? [Speaks Greenlandic] Where is the next one? [Speaks Greenlandic] Near Qasigiannguit. Ah! All right. So the next relay station is about 40km south of here, in Qasigiannguit. It's an unbroken link. But, of course, there can be some obstructions. [Speaks Greenlandic] There's actually a fun little story about the next village up, it's only 8km away, but there was a huge iceberg that shadowed it from here, so they actually had no internet this summer. But also if there's a relay station which loses power, down south, we might actually also lose it up here. So there was a whole day where there was no internet up here due to a relay station that had some bad batteries, I think it was. If there's a southern station that goes out, all the way up north, there's no signal. [Speaks Greenlandic] They can't pull the sea cable away through here, due to these massive icebergs. They scrape along the bottom of the ocean, so for next year they're going to upgrade all the system. They're going to pull the sea cable all the way from Nuuk, all the way to Aasiaat, which is about 120km-ish that way. And they're going to upgrade these cell towers to carry high-speed connections, all the way up to Uummannaq as well. [Speaks Greenlandic] During the winter, these domes get covered up fully with ice, so they need to go and, er... John, thank you so much! Jakob, holding my microphone, thank you so much! You're welcome. That was not exactly the usual sort of video... Let me turn this camera right. There we go! That was really not the sort of usual video that I do, but thank you very much, Jakob here just kind of emailed me when I said I was coming here, and said "do you want to film a thing?" -- Thank you! -- You're welcome. Let me move that camera... there we go. Thank you so much! That's brilliant! I'm here with Chris Hadfield's Generator Arctic, and so's he! My name is Tim Kellner, I have a YouTube channel "Tim to the Wild", and I make short, little cinematic travel films. Go check out everything by him and all the other folks out on this project!
That's not gold paint on the bridge behind me, those are tens of thousands of padlocks. Put there by couples wanting to symbolize their everlasting bond. A bond that will, no doubt, hold them together into eternity as they steadily grow apart and more resentful of the other, eventually, spiraling down into death, always wondering what would have happened if they'd made different choices along the way. My issues aside, it's also a pretty good example of the difference between fantasy and reality, because those locks will not stay there for eternity. They will eventually rust and fall off or the council will come along and take them off with bolt cutters as happens fairly often. And that difference between fantasy and reality is the basis of something called Paris syndrome. And what it is, is a syndrome that affected mainly Japanese tourists, to the tune of about 20 a year, who would be so overwhelmed by the difference between their expectations of Paris as this city of light, and romance, and wonderful architecture, and art, and food, and everything, and the reality, which is a fairly dirty and polluted European city, the same as London or Berlin, or any other like it. The symptoms, well, they could be anything from delusions or hallucinations, all the way to tachycardia, which is irregular heartbeat, and other psychosomatic symptoms. Is it a real thing? Well, it's difficult to tell, because it does have journal articles about it, and it does have scholarly references and news articles, but I suspect if you looked at most cities with a big tourist industry, you'd have a good number of people sent home, just overwhelmed with jet lag and homesickness, every year. The fact that it's Paris, and it has this reputation, well, perhaps people are drawing a little too much signal from the noise of people just not able to cope with being away from home. Either way, it's Paris syndrome and it's something you might now have known. [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we’re playing ‘Citation Needed.’ Joining me today, he reads books y’know, it’s Chris Joel. “Hello, I’m Chris Joel, Christ College Oxford, reading references to surfing in the early King James Bible.” Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. So, the vicar, with a sickly smile, shook hands with the monkey and could never look a banana in the face again. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Hello, live studio audience! In front of me I’ve got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding, and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is: And today we are talking about Jack Churchill. Is this the method by which one would raise a wartime prime minister? I’m glad that’s the version of the verb you went with there, Gary, that could’ve been a lot worse. I'll be honest, it was the flip of a coin and I went with the clean one. The thought of Churchill being raised ever so slightly. “Yes, you may check my undercarriage for wear and tear.” No, it’s for when he needs to seem more authoritative. “Oh s***, he’s a lot shorter than Stalin!” “We shall fight them on the beaches.” “In the fields. And in the street.” - “Enough!” - “And in the treetops.” I just like the idea that Churchill is now just sat about 6ft above everyone else in a chair that he can’t possibly get down from. At which point there’s a beeping noise and Stalin comes in on a cherry picker. It explicitly says, at the end of this article, “Of no relation to Winston Churchill.” Well, there you go, that’s our first five minutes completely redundant. Is it that nutter who tried to fight World War 2 with a claymore? Episode over. Sorry guys. Goodnight, thank you very much for coming... You say episode over, but there is a heck of a lot more to this story going on here. A claymore is a proximity triggered- No, it’s a hand-and-a-half Scottish sword. Oh, a sword? - Yes. - Oh. I mean, a claymore is a mine as well, but this is- Okay, a different type of claymore. Yes, as in “Scottish Clans-man!” “I will see off the entire continent” and that was basically his remit. That was what he went into the war to do. Wow. Where do you think he was born? Not Scotland. Not Scotland, you’re absolutely right, he was born in Ceylon. Okay, Sri Lanka. Actually, you say drafted, he joined of his own accord in the 1920s. Mainly because there weren’t enough things to cut up in Ceylon! Well, yes, he left the army in 1936. Because there was not enough fighting. He then worked as a few other things. What might that be? One is a phrase I wouldn’t associate with the 1930s, of a job for a... a strapping young lad. - Chef. - IT technician. I was going to say… Operative of a mildly successful nail bar. “A little bit off the top? Right!” "Whoa!" Male model. - Really? - I can see that. He also used his archery and bagpipe talents to play a role in a film called ‘The Thief of Baghdad.’ - Eh? - With bagpipes? With bagpipes. ‘The Bagpipes of Baghdad’? Was it really ‘The Thief of Bagpipes’? He won second place in the military piping competition at Aldershot Tattoo. - But that was cake-making... - Was that like cakes? Jinx! Are you going to ice a cake with bagpipes? Yes, you can do five bits at a time if you blow hard enough. He also represented Britain at the World Archery Championships. With the sword? Where he also used the bagpipes. No, this was a longbow. Of course, it would be. The Second World War breaks out… And he decides not to bring the longbow because it’s impractical. Wrong. Really? He brought the longbow? “Hi, can I help? I’ve got one of these!” He really was going to party like it was 1399 wasn’t he? He was with the Manchester Regiment in France and ambushed a German patrol. How did he give the signal to attack? Did he just scream and run? Not this time. I’m going to give you the point because, yes, he did that plenty of other times but not this specific time. He was in command of the troops, how did he give the signal to attack? Did he have his bagpipes with him? A quick parp on the high notes, yeah. With the drone beneath. That’s not the skill he used here. Flaming arrows! I’m going to give you the point, he killed an enemy sergeant with the longbow. Oh boy! Not with the arrow, with the bow. Yeah, with the stringy bit first. Like cheese wire. To use the technical term, "the stringy bit of the bow". The last recorded person ever killed during wartime with a longbow and arrow was that German sergeant. Now, I’ve just noticed something, this man seemed to have a penchant... is that the word? For running into battle and screaming. He managed to go into several battles… Many battles. Without dying? Yes. Yeah, but with the longbow you are quite a way back. Norway, 1941, landing craft on a raid on a German garrison. I mean, paint me a picture. What…? I’m thinking night-time, I imagine. Now, you see, it’s the point of when he starts playing the bagpipes. “Franz, vat is zat coming from over ze ocean?” Sorry, worst accent in the world there. And the wheel spins and lands on Norway! Would that be the Boulogne part of Norway you’re doing there? Yes, it’s the German garrison out of France... Fair play. Would you do it over the ocean or would you wait until the landing craft had silently approached the beach with the whistle of the wind through the trees as the clank of the metal as it hits the beach, suddenly… You’re nearly right. Yes, he leapt forward from his position, playing on his bagpipes, before throwing a grenade and running into battle. This man is a hero! Oh, if you’re going to do anything. Just the thought, just to be inside his head as he approached the beach with the bagpipe ready to go and the grenade pin in his hand thinking, “Yeah, we’re going to do this.” Again! “This is my time”, for the fifteenth time. If that was me I’d pull the pin, drop the bagpipe, and then there'd just be a parpy explosion. You say he threw a grenade, did it hit anything or did he throw it by mistake? It’s not recorded here, I don’t know. What a hero. So we’ve had France, 1940, Norway, 1941, where was he in 1943? Italy. Correct. He’s got some good airmiles hasn’t he? Did they drop him in? Not sure you get airmiles on the army’s flights. I’ve seen a video of a bagpiper in a parachute. It was… That was so close. I’m going to drink that later, go on… It was in the ’70s. Basically the ‘One Show’ of the ’70s, ‘Nationwide’, did a segment, and I don’t know why because I’ve only seen the clip itself. There’s a bagpiper, a low altitude plane, he’s got the parachute on one of those cords that triggers it- Static lines. Jumps out, starts playing ‘Scotland the Brave’ on the way down. It’s great because he gets in, he gets the drone on... ♪ Na na na-na na na na ♪ But then it hits the ground. And he cannot do a landing and hold onto the bagpipes at the same time. No he can't, you’ve got to flare, you’ve got to pull down both straps and… If that’s the technical term, so be it. But all I heard was ♪ na na-na urrrk urrrrrrk ♪ as he got dragged along by the wind on the floor, the mournful parp of an emptying bagpipe. A mournful parp of a bagpipe! This, sadly, was not a parachute. This was a landing site. Was this, again, the same as Norway, yet slightly sunnier? This was the same as Norway, yet slightly more. Ohh… What hasn’t he used? Whoa, he has his bow as well? Yes, he had the broadsword, the longbow and the bagpipes. And the grenade? It doesn’t say. He’s like the people you get in computer games. “It’s funny because you could never carry all of these! “How is he carrying all of these? “Where did he get that from? “He was holding a sword a minute ago!” And playing the bagpipes which, again, is a two-handed instrument, let’s not forget. How fantastic would it be if he just had a batman though? Going back another 50 years where you’d just have a gentleman’s gentleman with you and just take him on the battlefield, “Broadsword if you would, Jeeves.” “Yes, Sir.” “He’s a little way off. Longbow. Thank you. “No, nothing’s happening. “Bagpipes, we’ll sound some more.” “Number three wood for the grenade.” “Might I suggest the pitching wedge, Sir, they’re awfully dug in.” Oh, I was thinking more cricket bat. Pitch her up. Thock! Going full zombie into battle! I seem to recall someone saying that the effective range of a grenade is further than you can throw it. Right, so you do need something like a bat behind it then? Or you need to chuck it into somewhere and move out. - You’re chucking it, I’m running away. - I’ve got the bagpipes. Do you want to bat a grenade? Yes, I reckon I would. “Oh... wait, no!” Extra second on the detonator just for the pitch up. If you miss it you’re in trouble. Look, I didn’t say this wasn’t one for the courageous soldier did I? He infiltrated the town… Playing the bagpipes. Not they, he. Hang on, infiltration and this man don’t sound like words that go together. He was ordered to capture a German observation post. How did that go? Er, surprisingly well? Yes, I’ll give you the point, he captured 42 prisoners. F***! No one tried to shoot the bagpipes? I’d be honest, it’s not the first thing you’d- well, I don’t know. It depends how anti-bagpipe you are. If I was there that would be the first thing I’d go for. You’ve got three bullets, what do you shoot? The bagpipes three times. I can just see the bullet going through and, “Ye shot my pipes. Now I’m angry!” He wasn’t Scottish! I’m going to point this out. He wasn’t Scottish. Yeah, but they wouldn’t know that. He was captured- Yes. Was he? Do you know the story there? I can only presume that he was captured, went along willingly, beat all the guards at chess and poker, drank the camp commandant's rum, then dug his way out with his teeth while the commandant was passed out, chewing on broken glass and spitting it at guards before having relations with the entire female population of the nearest town, lighting a cigarette on the ground, not even using a match, flipping the V and then walking into camp and saying, “What have you f***ers been doing?” Tom… Just as a guess(!) Tom, please ding, for the love of God please ding. It’s not even close but I’m going to give him a point for it. Crawled under the wire, through an abandoned drain and tried to walk to the Baltic coast. Ended up being recaptured, escaped again, walked 93 miles to Verona in Italy and met the Americans there. I bet they were delighted to see him(!) Then continued and went to Burma. Arriving in 1957. By the time he’d got there what had happened? Was the war over? Yes, absolutely right. Oh. That must’ve been very disappointing for him. I’m going to quote here, “If it wasn’t for those damn Yanks, “we could’ve kept the war going another 10 years.” See what you did! You ruined that man’s 1940s. Wow, that is an insight into his mind isn’t it? Yes. Hang on a minute, I want to ask you a genuine question, what the frig did he do after the war? Because he is tooled up and angry. Him on the checkout in Sainsbury’s! No, he walked back from Burma to Korea. When that was over he walked to Vietnam. The answer is, and I’m giving you a retroactive point here Gary… Oh, respective pointage! Because you’ve already said the word, what did he qualify as in the army? Supermarket...? I can’t remember what I said! “You are now a professional supermarket, sir. “Well done.” Where did that come from? Because I think he said, “Imagine him in the supermarket” and that’s all that was there, for that brief second, the word ‘supermarket’. Supermarket. He became a Londis, that’s what happened. Pick a word, any word! He was pulling bottles of wine out from under the kilt that he’s not wearing. Nail bar?! Parachutist. Oh. There are stories of him assisting a medical convoy, coordinating evacuations, all sorts of things like that, and then, coming back to England, went back and made another appearance in a film. Was he in a Bond film? No, he was in ‘Ivanhoe’. What did he appear as? A bagpipe. Close. A longbowman. Yes, absolutely right. What skill did he pick up in late 1950s Australia? Boomerang wanging? No, no, no, because... Wanging being a very specific word there. I think that 'that action' could conceivably be called a wang. Technically it’s 'boomerwanging'. No, a wang is underarm isn’t it? As in 'welly wanging'. Ah… Definition of the wang there everyone. The phrase 'welly wanging' was just lost on half the audience. Gumboot throwing if you are from the home counties. Don’t they have the word welly? I don’t know. It’s a wellington isn’t it? As in, after Wellington, but it also brings me back to the excellently-named 1980s computer company from Oxfordshire, Wang. Oxford United, in the 1980s, were sponsored by Wang. So, on the front of their shirts, for years and years, was the word Wang, repeatedly. Late 1950s Australia, what was being developed there? Surfing. Yes, absolutely right. He became passionate and, I’m quoting here, “Passionate devotee of the surfboard, “one of the first people in Britain to surf.” And, specifically, one of the first people in Britain to surf what? Severn Bore. Point, you’re absolutely right. That’s the tidal river thing isn’t it? Yes, the tidal surge. Yes, there is a single tidal wave that on particularly strong tides rolls up the River Severn. And nowadays it’s filled with surfers and boats and drones flying overhead. It was just this guy on a surfboard. One pissed off guy from Ceylon, playing the bagpipes, swinging a claymore round his head, having finally conquered another element. Imagine opening your curtains and… “Can you hear bagpipes?” “I can’t hear bagpipes.” “That’s completely impossible by this placid River Severn “with the occasional... oh, sweet Georgia.” “Daaaaagh! “Bristol, you’re mine!” Did he end up declaring war on himself? In retirement, it says, his- Retirement! As if he’s going to retire! How is this man going to retire? “…his eccentricity continued.” No way! You’d have thought he’d have settled down. People, when they hit their retirement, they’re usually so placid. I’ve seen ‘Last of the Summer-’ Was he doing ‘Last of the Summer Wine’ only with claymores? Bathtub. “Aaaagh!” He startled train conductors and passengers- How? By throwing his briefcase out of the train window each day on the ride home. Why? Did he try and get it in one of the Post Office nets for the Travelling Post Offices? The what? The way they used to pick up mail in ye olden days, not the olden days but the days of Travelling Post Offices, you would have a hook by the side of the railway line. They would dangle a bag full of mail, at which point the carriage would come towards it, it had a bit of sticky out net that would be dropped out at exactly the right moment, would hit the hook, the mail bag would drop into the net and be sprung into the carriage, at which time another hook would be slung out from the train with another bag of mail that would be dropped in the same location, like that. Wow. Precise timing and speed and location. In such a way that they don’t have to stop to pick up the mail and drop the mail. - Exactly, it just goes. - The train goes… And then the post has happened! And then the letters be(!) This is the night mail, crossing the border...! Well, that’s the noise of it isn’t it? And suddenly, bag. And in this case, briefcase and claymore, and angry man from Ceylon. He wasn’t trying to get it on the mail pole. He was aiming for a specific target. His garden? Oh, that is amazing. I want to do that on the way home. It doesn’t quite work in the tube but… I was going to say. I was going to say, which really sucked when he moved to London. He lived to the age of 90. I’m not surprised, who could kill him? Death just walked away. He died in 1996 and was later named one of the finest explorers and adventurers of all time. By himself. By the Royal Norwegian Explorers Club. At the end of the show, congratulations Chris, you obviously win this one, for the... Yes, you won this one 30 seconds in. “Is that the madman with the claymore?” Yes, yes it is, that’s absolutely right. I’m going to say that’s up there as a record, it really is. Congratulations, you win two words mixed together by the actor who played Padme in the ‘Star Wars’ prequels. No! It’s a 'Natalie Portmanteau'. I like that. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel. Thank you. To Gary Brannan. To Matt Gray. I’ve been Tom Scott and we’ll see you next time.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we’re playing Citation Needed. Joining me today: he reads books, y'know, it’s Chris Joel. “Hello!” Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. ♫ I-i-if women like that like men like those, then why don’t women like me? ♫ Singing(!) And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Howdy, YouTube! - Oh! - Nice. Nice. In front of me I’ve got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... And today we are talking about John Stonehouse. Did he live in a greenhouse? Completely against type. Now's when you ding, Tom(!) No. I can’t give you that. Am I close? No... In any way? No. Was he... a bricklayer? Stone House? No. No he wasn’t. He did go to work in a House, and there’s a capital H in that. A House of something. Cards. Fun. Ill repute. I mean, you’re pretty close with House of Cards. Parliament. Yes, have a point. - Oh! - Yay. Born in Southampton, educated there and at the London School of Economics. So was he not a politiciser? And then he went into politics, as the Labour Cooperative Member of Parliament. So he owned some small supermarkets(?) Erm, sort of... Did you hear that? Clunk-clunk-clunk-clunk! “Archivist gear engaged. “Everybody else shut up, I know the answer.” I don’t! But you do still have Cooperative Labour MPs. In what sense? They don’t sit at the back going, “F*** no. “It’s bollocks, we’re not doing it.”. Pretty much. He worked very closely to the Foreign Office. There was the Foreign Office, the Home Office, the India Office and then another one. Commonwealth. Ooh, no… No, it’s pre-Commonwealth. Empire? Halfway between the two. Com-pire. Places We Stole Office. Yes, it’s the Colonial Office, so yes, I will give you the point for that, absolutely right. Yes, he became Minister for State for Technology and then took a role… Was he going around people’s houses trying to sell cable? You never had that? Not from the Colonies Office, no! He moved on from there, this was... You said technology, I don't for... I know nothing about politics or other countries! I've got to go somewhere. I’ve just realised that... Would you like some Colonial Cable? I’ve just realised, we’ve not actually touched on telegraphs yet and we have to do that at least once or twice a seas… Oh, f*** off! Yes, he became Minister for State for Technology, but that meant he then transitioned into what? And this was in charge of telecommunications as well as telegraphy, everything like that. - Post Office. - Postmaster General. You’re both getting the point. He was the Postmaster General of the United Kingdom. Hell of a title, that. Yes. He was also the last Postmaster General of the United Kingdom. Oh God, what did he do? Nothing, they’ve just all been really specific since. (Yes!) Sorry, Matt! Specific... Oh… Anything that has General on the end sounds great, anyway. He oversaw the jamming of something. A marmalade factory. There’s this sort-of jam war going on where they just… He’s holding toast at the other end. That’s Wallace and Gromit, isn’t it, actually? We must stop this terrible conflict... to preserve life. Ohhh! Even the audience was half-hearted on that one. Wouldn’t want people to end up marmalised. 1970, he oversaw the jamming of something. ’70? 1970. - Is it pirate... - Pirate radio! Yes. I’ll give you the point there, specifically what, where’s it coming from? - Luxembourg? - North Sea? You’re thinking Radio Luxembourg but no, you’re absolutely right, it’s off in the North Sea. This was one of the Radio Carolines. - Oh! - Was it? You see I didn’t say that because I thought it was a leading question and it would be wrong. Yes, but this isn’t QI! You’re allowed to go for that answer here. Awooga! So he jammed Radio Caroline and part of the response to that was that Radio Caroline did what? Jammed them right back. No, that actually would be... not illegal, but it certainly would be, I think, a declaration of war if you do that to a country. And when it comes to boats we’ve probably got the bigger shooty ones in town. We might have slightly more. Because Caroline was on and off for a bit. So was it off for a bit? It was, they tried to overcome the jamming, obviously, what were they sending back over the airwaves? Swear words. Filthy streams of invective… They could have done, they were offshore. Don’t forget Radio Caroline wasn’t illegal, they just made it so that any British person associating with it was breaking the law. “Vote for the other ones.” Yes, absolutely right, they went political and they started broadcasting pro-Conservative propaganda back at them. Sorry! Pirate radio station broadcasting pro-Conservative messages? Let that sink in for a minute. “Vote Tory!” Yeah, you wouldn’t get that these days would you? Blimey. No, there’s no pirate radio stations! - There are. - Oh, there are. I was going to say, presumably you have deal with those, Matt. Yes, they interfere over the broadcasts that we are trying to make at work. And then we report them to OFCOM and then they find them and say no, you’re being naughty, please don’t do that. When you said deal with them, that suggested you somehow went round at night and dealt with them. With a baseball bat. Matt Gray does have a black ski-mask and an awful lot of black turtlenecks. A van just comes out of the OFCOM offices with you guys in. John Stonehouse, still in charge of post and telecommunications in the 1970s, introduced what? It’s not stamps or anything because they’re already there... Oh, it is. - Is it stamps? - Second-class...! Is it second-class stamps? Absolutely right, first and second-class stamps. These all seem… (You f***er!) ...fairly normal. In 1970 he was setting up various companies, having things on the side. By 1974 most of these were in financial trouble. What did he decide to do? Print himself a whole book of stamps as legal tender and pay off his debts with a massive box full of stamps. That would have been a better plan than the one he actually had. Issue a single £150,000 stamp on the quiet to a collector. Also a better plan than what he did. Jesus Christ! Rob a bank. With stamps. Hang on, did he invent selfie stamps, where you could send in a selfie and you’d have your own stamp? He didn’t set up his pirate radio station did he, playing pro-Tory propaganda? He’s in deep financial trouble here, he’s doing creative accounting so he’s going to be going to jail. Did he disappear? Oh, a little bit more than that. Is he…? Did he fake his death? Yes, he did. He faked his… Is he one of these clothes on the beach guys and disappears? Spot on. Exactly right, he faked his death, November 1974, leaving a pile of clothes on a Miami beach. Whose clothes? His clothes. Where was he actually going? Cuba! Australia. That’s a long swim. You’re one better than me, I was going to say a long walk which would have been quite stupid. Well, swimming it naked, he’s going to get cold. He is. Maybe he slathered himself in goose fat beforehand. And, hell, he’s going the wrong way round, he should have gone from LA. Yeah, the man’s a fool. Goose fat is what you use, I’m right aren’t I? That’s what you use for cross-channel swimming. Yes, when you’re swimming from Miami to Australia, that’s what you use. Goose fat, yes. Most people use their arms and legs. Gary, goose fat. -“It’ll be fine!” - Just bobs around... “Gary, there’s a breaker.” “It’s fine, the goose fat'll save me!” Ejecting it from behind, like propulsive goose fat. Hey, a goose gives out a lot of fat, you know. He’s just leaving this greasy trail on the ocean as he goes. “Gary Brannan’s greasy ocean trail.” Hell of a series. I once did a goose at Christmas and it put out... A single goose-- now in all fairness I got it from a budget supermarket so it may not have been the very best of geese, let’s be honest. Budget supermarkets sell geese? For a tenner! Yes, they just get them from the local pond, and you know… Ask no questions, tell no lies. That’s the way I looked at it. But I did, and it pumped half a litre of fat. It didn’t even drip out, it literally just leaked fat. You know those things when you get oil wells and there’s a gusher… “Goose fat, we’re rich! Ah, I'm greasy...” “Quick take me to the Channel! This is my only chance!” “White gold!”, he cried. Did it deep fry itself? Half a litre? It just... you put it on an angle to let it all drain out and it just kept coming and coming and coming. It was a whole big mincemeat jar that big was nearly full of goose fat. No man in the world can eat that much roast potatoes, is what I’ve found. Sorry, can I just point out: mincemeat jar full of goose fat, that’s quite a northern thing to say… So yes, Stonehouse, meanwhile. Stonehouse was... I’m just trying to pull this back. It was in my fridge for months! I remember, you sent me a picture of it! You actually sound closer to tears than laughter, Gary. Because, just after we’d had this massive Christmas dinner where I’d done the goose. I got all this goose fat, the holy grail of Yorkshire puddings and roast potatoes... Went on a f***ing diet and I never touched the stuff. AUDIENCE: Aww. And in this jar was… John Stonehouse… Seamless(!) John Stonehouse was en-route to Australia setting up a new life with his mistress and secretary. Are they two separate people? Was he just being a real arse and taking his mistress and his secretary? Well, who was his new identity? Whose identity had he taken on? Did he nick a dead person's? Yes, he did. Deceased husband of a constituent. So he deposited cash at one bank, picked it up at another and the teller was suspicious and reported him to local police. The police, when they interviewed him, asked him to drop his trousers. Why? Normal. Was the person he was pretending to be a eunuch? No, just his trousers, just his trousers. Well they’re looking for an identifying mark, are they not? So tattoo or birthmark. Yes... neither. This is 1974. Lord Lucan! Yes. They suspected that he was Lord Lucan who had very famously disappeared, there’s a whole separate story there. Someone suspiciously turning up with an English accent in Australia, depositing large sums of money. Who is obviously on the run... Lord Lucan had a large scar down his leg. So the police were going, well, drop your trousers, we want to see if you’re Lord Lucan. He wasn't... Did he debag himself in aid of the… Because if he did, and he dropped his trousers and there’s no scar, he should surely be let go. Yes, and then they’re not going to be suspicious of him ever again. Yes, he was still arrested, they just knew he wasn’t Lord Lucan. Oh. “We know you’re somebody but we don’t know who. “Standard procedure, drop the trousers.” That was essentially... yeah, that would have been 1974. “What do we do second?” “I don’t know, it’s never failed.” “Every arse tells a story.” “All right, we’re going to need to get your arse print here, “please just sit in this ink for a little while, and then on this paper...” “Just reverse onto this paper.” “It’s thumbprint. Thumbprint!” He’s arrested, six months later he’s deported to the UK. He’s remanded in Brixton prison. What has he not done at any point during this? Pulled his trousers up. Walked really waddly all the way. “They haven’t said I could,” he said. Changed his name back? Bear in mind his job. As Postmaster General, ex… Sorry, what was that? Postmaster General, ex-Postmaster General. Was he still in the same job? Had he not been sacked? - Yes. - Oh, s***! He did not resign as an MP. Oh, boy! So did he come back to massive fines for not having done his job properly? - No, he was an MP. - You don’t get fined for not doing your job. - Oh! - Satire. He just kept being an MP and getting his salary. Were they still paying him throughout the entire time he buggered off? Well, at this point, he had to have his trousers down because of the sheer size of his balls. He was put on trial on 21 charges of fraud, theft, forgery, conspiracy to defraud, causing a false police investigation and wasting police time. He sounds right for an MP. Trial was 68 days long. He conducted his own defence. That’s brave. Yeah, it didn’t work all that well. Did he just drop his trousers when he could? And say repeatedly, “not Lord Lucan” because it worked the first time. After his release he worked as a fundraiser, joined what became the Liberal Democrats, wrote some novels, started a small business that sold hotel safes. I'm speeding through all this… - Hotel safes? - Hotel safes. Because he’s used to embezzling money… They had a funnel that went directly to his bank account. “Put money in my safe!” “No, f*** you!” - “You put money in your safe!” - “Invest in my company…” It hasn’t got a back on it! More than 20 years after his death, something was revealed about him. He was Lord Lucan? He just had a lot of bio-oil. I thought he was going for the button to say yes then! No, no, way, way back in his political career, he’d negotiated an agreement of technological cooperation between Britain and Czechoslovakia, as was. Uh oh. Is he a spy? Oh, he's sp-- in fact-- The minute you say 'information sharing' and 'Czechoslovakia' which is in the former Soviet bloc, he’s not going to just be going and eating their fine pastries, is he? Yes, it turned out that he’d been an agent for the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic military intelligence. S***, he’s Postmaster General! Yes. That’s why it takes so long for your post to arrive! I’m going to give you a point for twigging that before I made the connection there. It goes via Czechoslovakia! He was Minister in Charge of Post and Technology. And that includes things like the Post Office Tower and things like that, that are transmitting signals around the world. Yes. This is pretty bad s*** isn’t it, let’s face it. This is bad news bears. Somehow the embezzling and taking someone else’s identity is yet not the worst thing about this man. - No. - Because he’s used to it! That’s true, that. At the point where the government found out about this, Margaret Thatcher was in power. What did she decide to do? - Nothing? - Privatise him. Yes, he will work with more efficiency as a privately owned scumbag. British politics jokes there. Well, either nothing or something, is what I’m going for there. Chris, choose one of those options. I’m going with something. You’re wrong. It’s nothing. Oh… It was easier to cover it up and never let the public know that there had been a Czech spy in government. Because they’d obviously done no Czechs on him! Oh… Yes. At the end of the show... Congratulations, Matt, you win this one. How? Genuinely, you got a lot of dings in there. You win breakfast food prepared by the star of Sherlock. It’s Eggs Benedict Cumberbatch. F***ing... Do enjoy that. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel. It’s over! To Gary Brannan. To Matt Gray. Bye-bye YouTube. I’ve been Tom Scott, we’ll see you next time.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, -it's Chris Joel. -In space. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. Nice to see you, to see you... Nice! And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. -You planned that? -Yeah. I planned nothing. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding, and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about Juan Pujol Garcia. Juan Pujol, is there are two of them, is he on his own? It's a good job this isn't QI, Gary, because at that part large klaxons would be going off with that joke. Just saying t*** repeatedly. Can I guess that this person is from a Spanish or Portuguese speaking country? Er, yeah, Spain. -Hey! -I don't know very much about Spain. It's funny you say that you don't know much about Spain. Did he neither? He didn't know much about England and that became important during part of his life. Did he just end up here and was like 'S***, what's this?' Well, I'm going to have a run at this one and miss it, but was he some kind of captain of the Spanish Armada? Ooh, no, you're far, far, far too early for that. Was he not the captain of any kind of Spanish Armada? Yes, but you're not getting a point for not saying he's not something. Was he not the first man to walk on the moon, is true. If he was too early for an armada he's going to be too early for the moon. No, he's too … he's too late for an armada. -Too late for an armada. -The armada was too early for him? -Yes. The armada left, he hadn't been born yet. -He missed the bus. It was centuries, it is centuries later. "Did I miss the train or did the train miss me?" he cries. Yeah, he was centuries late for the armada, he was born in 1912, died in 1988. Aha, that doesn't help much. It doesn’t, but he had a code name. -Did he now? -Given those dates, why might you want a code name? -Spies. -Yes. -Is this to do with the government of Fran...? -Oh! Was he a spy placed in England but he just didn't know anything about the place? So was he s*** spy? No, he was a spy placed in England to look after sheep and therefore: was a shepherd-spy! [Subtitler's note: Gary's joke is a pun on "shepherd's pie", but for the first time in the show's history, this pun is entirely untranslatable to text.] That's not olden, that's golden. Two people in the audience just going, "No. No, we're not rewarding that." No, he was … he was an excellent spy, but for which side? And we're talking World War 2 here. -Both. -Yes, absolutely right, he was a double agent. Is he involved in the 'man who never was' thing? No, this was not Operation Mincemeat. -Right. -This was not that. Because there was someone in that who was sending information both ways, wasn't there? This was … this was a man who received both an Iron Cross from Germany and an MBE from Britain. How can that make him a good spy? Surely that makes him a s*** spy. Only for one of those sides. ♪ Dun dun dun! ♪ So during the early days of World War 2 he decided he had to make a contribution for the good of humanity. And he went to the British who said… Alright. Nah. Have a point, Gary. Sorry, British. "...No." Three different times they turned him down as a spy, so what did he do instead? Oh, did he just go in and start feeding us information without … without us asking him to? "That was dreadfully rude of him but jolly useful." He's only helped the British without asking, but not by talking to them. -Oh, did he talk… -I was… -Chris. -Guz... ah... Posed as a British spy and fed false information to the Germans. Spot on, absolutely right, he … he created an identity as a fanatically pro-Nazi Spanish government official, who could travel to London on business and he just started sending false reports to the Germans. "Hello, I'm a fanatical Nazi. (I'm not.)" Which meant everyone thought he was a spy... but he just wasn't. Yes, have a point. So the Germans accepted him and said, "Okay, you're a spy now." They gave him equipment, they gave him a bit of money and he moved to Lisbon in Portugal. Can he see the coast, can he see what ships are going round Portugal? Look at England from afar! "I'd go over there to spy directly but the weather, really." His instructions were move to Britain and recruit a network of British agents. Did he pretend he was in Britain when he was actually in Portugal? Yes. -Clever bastard. -He's a really good spy, He's such a good spy that he isn't a spy and everyone thought he was a spy. And then he told them that he was spying and he wasn't doing the spying. How is he actually sending a report to them? Because he is sending reports in. Is he sending them to London who will then direct it via London or something, so they're coming from the right route? He's just throwing them over the wall and running away? No, he's staying in Lisbon for this. Pretending? Yes. Did he just lie? Yes. What might he have used as a basis for that? Because remember, he's just sitting in Lisbon sending completely false reports about Britain. Was he listening to British radio? Erm, newsreel reports in cinemas. But, yeah, he's looking at the news, and using a tourist guide to Britain. Which, correct me if I'm wrong: the Nazis could watch the news as well? Yes. But they still believed him. Because they saw it on the news, they thought that what he was saying was correct, because he'd seen it on the news. He was confirming the British propaganda but by… But he was, if he's dressed up as a spy saying, "Yes, I know these things." And then the news says those things because he's already seen the news and they think he's… Yeah, he's right. Yes, you're absolutely right, that's pretty much what happened. There was one slight problem, and he's putting expense reports in, by the way here. -He's getting reimbursed for this. -He's living the dream now, now I'm with him. What's the slight problem with his expense report? Oh, was Portuguese currency decimals, so he couldn't forge the receipts? Yes. Because it's really hard to convert decimal to an imperial currency system because it's pegged completely differently. Yeah, more than that, he didn't know how pounds, shillings and pence worked. Because he'd never been there. Yes, so he's making mistakes but the reports are still credible, so credible that what happens? Do we spend a lot of time trying to find him and couldn't because he's in Lisbon? MI5 launched a full scale spy hunt after they intercepted his reports. How can they intercept his reports when they're coming from Portugal? Because he's probably radioing them or Morse coding them across and they'll be cracking that, won't they? Yeah, through the Ultra programme, yes, you're absolutely right. So they did eventually move him to Britain and they gave him a code name. Was it a bit of a shock for him to actually move to Britain? He was given a code name for a very British drink. Crème de menthe. "Tea." Bovril. Oh! And he's no idea, they're going around, "What's your code name?" -"Agent Bovril." -"Midnight." What's yours? "Bovril." But they did change his code name later to… -Marmite. -Marmite. Code name Garbo. Nice. So from Bovril to Garbo. Yes. An autobiography there for everybody. So what was he actually sending? We've got a mixture of three things here, complete fiction, what's the other two categories? -Newspaper clippings. -Football scores. Genuine information of little military value, but you know what, football scores is fine, I'll give you a point. Was he sending stuff that … well, okay, for want of a better phrase, was he leaving them breadcrumbs of things he thought might be happening soon, so they would keep drip-feeding very small amounts in to keep them on the hook? Ooh! You're close, but there is one thing they did. He … the first bit of this is 'valuable military intelligence'. He did actually send proper intelligence to the Germans, there's just one catch with it. It was harmless, so it was out of date or late? Yes, artificially delayed. Ah! So he sent perfectly accurate data, it was postmarked in time. Ah! And they're going to say, "If we had only read this quicker, this would have… "We'd intercept this because we read this about three days later than we could have. "And if only we had more staff reading this stuff, we would have got there quicker." So they employed more staff, yeah? I quote, 'We are sorry they arrived too late, but your last reports were magnificent.' The Germans wanted quicker reports and better encryption. They didn't get that. Well, they did, what did they send him? -An Enigma machine. -Yes. No! No! You knobheads! It's not an Enigma machine but it's the strongest code book that the Germans had, -was promptly sent to him. -F***ing hell! He must have thought it was bleeding Christmas when that happened. Straight down Bletchley on his bike, "Got one!" What was Operation Fortitude in 1944? A good hearty breakfast. Did it come after Operation 39itude? Oh! No. But it came immediately before another famous operation. -41itude! -41itude! I set that one up, didn't I? -Overlord. -Yes, which was? -D-Day. -Yes. So immediately before Operation Overlord was the D-Day landings. Operation Fortitude was designed to do what? This isn't the thing with the inflatable tanks, is it? Yes, it is, and in fact... Mystery Biscuits. They'd made some tank shaped balloons... balloon shaped tanks. -Tank shaped balloons, right the first time. -I've heard of this before. Yeah, and they positioned them strategically in exactly the place the Germans thought they would be positioned. And for some reason, I've never quite worked out, that was enough. Despite the fact I'm almost certain one of them will probably have got ended up filled with helium, it might have floated upwards. I like the idea that they're not pumped up enough and they just got really limp guns. So they accept he's going to send some genuine information. And he's got the German … he's got the German radio operators listening in all night. And he sends them, at 3am, some reasonable, maybe slightly too late details of a bit of what's going on. "There's an invasion happening, you know!" -What happened? -The Germans were asleep. -Yes. -Oh! Well, we don't know if they were asleep, they just didn't send a reply until 8am. "Sorry, was asleep, had phone on silent", that kind of thing. Yes, so what does he do because it's now definitely too late? Sends an incensed message that they aren't listening to him. Yes. "I cannot accept excuses or negligence." He's bollocking them, I love it. And then sends pretty much the accurate details of the invasion, which is happening right now, and they can't do anything about because they were too late. Oh! That, oh, that gives him a free pass. Yes, it does. Because he's like, "I would have told you had you been awake at 3:00am." The Germans paid Garbo how much, over the network of agents, over 27 fabricated people, over years, I've got a number here in US dollars, the Germans sent straight to MI5? Am I allowed to guess in Reichsmarks? No. But we're going to do Price is Right rules here, as usual, -closest without going over. -US dollars? US dollars, 1944. One million. I'm going to say it's about $10.92 because they never actually paid him, because he was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Clever, I was going to go for about 600,000. Matt is closest without going over , 340,000 US dollars. Ooh! Went straight from the German Treasury to the British one. They might as well have just like sent a plane over and just bombed us with banknotes, mightn't they. He was presented with some awards for this. Best spy and also controversially, worst spy. A German military award. -You said the Iron Cross. -I was hoping you'd forgotten that. That must have been awkward turning up for your… because you said a George Cross or something, didn't you? -MBE, he's still wearing the MBE. -With the Iron Cross. Yes. A suspiciously Iron Cross shaped mark on where his breast pocket was. S***, did he turn up in Germany to receive awards? No, it was awarded by radio, and then he received the physical medal from one of his German handlers after the war had ended. But if he didn't like the institution and he had all of these awards from two different institutions, surely he f***ing hated that. Yes. But why did he have to accept it anyway? Because otherwise it would blow his cover and he'd get killed by some mysterious agents, they probably thought still existed at the time. Yes. He feared reprisals after the war. Because we all assume, like, neatly the war ended in '45. They weren't very sure the war was actually over for quite a long time. Because he kind of thought, "They'll be back", like they are in films. Like there's a secret cache of Nazis that... After the credits. Yeah. A single Nazi helmet pops up out of the ground, ♪ Dun dun dun dun ♪ Well, you know, 70 years later they're back. Anyway… Ooh! So what did he do? Moved to America and lived a quiet life. You know what, I'll give you that, he … he went to Angola. That's not America! And then went to Venezuela. Like the Nazis did. -So if you say America, Venezuela is sort of - -It's South America. -I'll give you the point. -It's an America. -He also did something else. -Faked his own death. Yes, he did, he faked his own death from malaria in 1949. And then... changed his identity, moved to Venezuela and lived doing what? Hard drugs. Printing expense forms. Money laundering. A bookshop. A bookshop and gift shop. "The books are full of spies." In 1971, British politician, Rupert Allason is trying to track down Garbo. Is this for his MBE? -No, he's got the MBE. -He's already got that? But no one knows his real name. Does everyone just know him as Bovril or Garbo? Yes, essentially. I like the name as a full name, Bovrila Garbo. Eventually Allason tracks down someone who supplied his full name and knew roughly where he was. So what does Allason then do? Has he gone through every Juan Garcia in Venezuela but there are loads of them? You know, that's close enough, I'll give you the point. He went through every J Garcia in the Barcelona phone book and eventually got in touch with his nephew. -In Barcelona? -In Barcelona. That's not Venezuela. No, because no one knew where he'd gone. Oh, of course, yeah, we know that, so yeah, "Hello was your… was anyone you know a spy?" Yes, that's basically what happened. And this person said yes and they believed him. That's exactly the thing a spy wouldn't do. And you make an excellent point there. I was going to say that Pujol travelled to London and it says here, "was received by Prince Philip at Buckingham Palace". But now you've said that, who knows who it was? Because Prince Philip never met him. Well, you say that, he then went to the Special Forces Club and was reunited with a group of his former colleagues. He told them he'd had plastic surgery while he was in Venezuela. And so looked and sounded different because was… "Oh, Bovril, up to your old tricks." "Yeah, Bovril." You do know that plastic surgery doesn't work like it does in the Bond movies, right? Shut up. Yes, they called every single J Garcia in the Barcelona phone book. They found his nephew, his nephew put the politician in touch with the original spy. And he came over and met Prince Philip, toured the beaches of Normandy. And eventually died in Caracas in 1988 and is essentially the greatest spy that Britain nearly didn't have. And when he came over he brought a big stack of expense forms for all his staff back in the office. So at the end of the show, congratulations, Chris you win this one. You win a trip to an 'all you can eat' garlic restaurant. Aioli you can eat? Buffet the Vampire Slayer. Oh! With that, we thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing 'Citation Needed'. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it's Chris Joel. 'Ey up. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. Here's a thought: earlier today, Noel Edmonds was entirely naked. Just imagine. And standing in for Matt Gray, the mouth from the south, Will Seaward. Hello! I'm not from Yorkshire. Get him out(!) In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding, and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is: Today, we are talking about Julie d'Aubig.. d'Aubig?... D'Aubigny. This is it. Forty minutes of this, try and stay with us. To be fair, I am not French. And if... No way. Really? If I were English, I'd pronounce this as der-orb-ig-ny, but I think it's d'Aubigny. D'Aubigny sounds fine. Let's go with d'Aubigny, yes. Better known as Mademoiselle Maupin. Mopin. Moppin. I'm not French. This is going to be… It's a French article. I'll be honest, it's downhill from here. The whole thing's not in French, is it? No, it's not. M-A-U-P-I-N. P-I-N? Maupin. Mau-pin. Madame Maupin. Was she a mistress of Louis XIV? It's a long list, if it is. Let's face it(!) Born to Gaston d'Aubigny, a secretary to the Master of the Horse... for King Louis XIV. It's not close enough to have a point, but she was certainly- A secretary for a horse, would you believe? [whinnies] "Take that down. "Read it back?" [whinnies] "Sir, I know it's very sad, but why the long face?" You're absolutely right that she was a mistress, but to a Count. So I'm going to give you a point for that. To the... oh, god. A mistress to- French names. Count d'Armagnac? D'Armagnac. Tom, what have you done to yourself? It's not gone well. It's not gone well. D'Armagnac. Go on. Became a mistress by the age of 14, because pre-French Revolution. But by that point, she had learned a lot of things, by learning alongside the court pages. Okay. Is that an artful euphemism? No, it's not. Is it an artless euphemism? No, her father trained the court pages. So what did Julie learn alongside them? Words. I'll give you a point. Numbers. Yes, reading as well. Standing very still. Going "ooh" at the right moment, when the king comes in. Yes, all that kind of stuff. Polishing pointy bits of gold chairs. There's a couple of other skills that a page would have in those days. Carrying things. Putting things down. Something a little more violent. Swording! Yes. Swording! Which is an artless euphemism. Swording. She learned to fence, and then dressed as a boy from an early age. She got involved with an assistant fencing master. The police were then looking for him, to arrest him. What had he done? You know he's got a sword in his hand? Yeah. You know he waves it around in a violent fashion? Mm. Did he - perchance and taking a punt – did he stab someone? Yes. I'm looking for something specific here. What might be a reason for stabbing someone, pre-Revolution? Being slightly upset. In which case, you would do what? - Oh, a duel! - Stab 'em! A duel! You'd fight a duel. Yes. The man she was involved with killed a man in an illegal duel, so they fled the city, to Marseilles. How did she earn her living on the way south? Fighting for money. Yes. F***! Giving fencing exhibitions, and also, singing. She was a talented singer. Singing and fencing at the same time would be a hell of an act, wouldn't it? Opera. Which I believe had been invented at that point. And not only that; she joined an opera company. Have a point. For full operatic effect, did she die of tuberculosis at the end? We've seen very different versions of Aida. Made it to Marseilles. Grew bored of her lover. Not what I thought you were going to say. Grew bored of this humdrum, dull life of opera singing and fencing. Decides to become an accountant. She ran away somewhere, and she ran away with someone. To Nice. With a man from Nice(!) Right, you are wrong about Nice, and you are also wrong about a man. With a woman! Yes. From a place that isn't Nice! I'm not giving you a point for that, but it's Avignon. So yes. Oh, I was going to say Poitiers. So close. But she was running away, because the girl was sent away by her parents. Where was the other girl sent to? A convent? Yes, absolutely right. So she followed, entering the convent, and- With swords. Let's face it, you get in most places if you turn up waving swords around, singing opera. No, she went into the convent, and then tried to free her lover from the convent. This is a hell of an opera in itself, let's face it. I like to think that everybody is singing all the way through this. Yes, I do. It's a full-on Rodgers and Hammerstein, this. Could we talk through the plan, the scheme that she went through, the heist that she pulled? And it's quite a dark heist, Did it involve swords? to get her and her lover out of the convent. Did the nuns have swords? Er, not to my knowledge, although- "Bloodbath at convent!" But frankly, 'Sister Act 3', it's going to be absolutely amazing. But then it should have been a very easy heist! "Give me my ...ing lover, or I'll chop you all to pieces." As negotiating tactics go, it's normally successful, I find. Well, they were trying to cover their tracks. What kind of scheme would you pull to do that? You would pretend to be a doctor. And you'd say, "This nun has a terrible disease! "All of you will get the disease. She must come with me immediately." And the nuns would go, "Oh, a doctor has said so." Then the doctor would also have a sword, and they… Yes, and they were listening, because he was ♪ SINGING ♪! And then we have the interval. That's the way it goes. Er, no. She would pretend to be a policeman. and she would say, "This nun has committed a terrible crime! "She must come with me immediately." But she was charged, in absentia, for kidnapping, bodysnatching, and arson. So based on that, what was the heist? Oh, s***. So you take a dead body, replace your lover with it, then burn the whole place down to cover the tracks. Damn! What worries me is that your mind went straight to that. Does this s*** count as a confession? There's no DNA evidence, darling(!) She escaped from that. The affair lasted three months, before the girl returned to her family, and then she left for Paris. What happened in Paris? And I'm deliberately phrasing that vaguely, because it's kind of a repeat. Did she dig up the entire Père Lachaise Cemetery, and burn Paris to the ground? It's a repeat of something we've already talked about. Something with swords? Yes, definitely. It's a sword thing, from this lady, I'm guessing. Yes. Catastrophic juggling accident. Oh, did she challenge someone to a duel? Yes, you're absolutely right. She was insulted by a young nobleman, fought a duel with him, put a blade through his shoulder. Whoa. Awesome. Was he pinned to a tree in a comical- No, it was just a vicious injury, Gary! It wasn't a cartoon thing, where he was going, "Well, this is inconvenient. "I'm stapled to this tree now." "I'll fight with the other arm!" The cool thing about duels, duelling is really addictive. Bismarck, I think, when he was a student, he was also addicted to duelling. He would walk- Bit unfair though: six 14" guns against a man with a sword. Well, no. He'd walk around the street, wearing two cudgels, six pistols and two swords and a dressing gown. And he'd wander around, going, "Yeah, fight me. Fight me. I'm Bismarck." That's a very different Big Lebowski, isn't it? Duelling, once it got later, was a really formal event. - Yes. - What would they be wearing? You're normally just in a shirt, aren't you, as I understand it? No, we're talking, for this at least, much later. This is German military, 19th century. Oh, your full kit, no doubt. Armour? Well, you wouldn't be in armour. They wouldn't have armour at that point. You'd have a breastplate. Well, wasn't the early German thing that you duelled, growing up, or you fenced, growing up, to get good gnarly scars, didn't they? Yes, you're absolutely right. They would fight with a mask and a thick scarf, so you couldn't- Ah, so that you could only get this bit. You could only get that bit. So it was essentially ritual scarification. Awesome. Scars were judged by Otto von Bismarck to be a sign of bravery. Men's courage could be judged – and there's a quote here – "by the number of scars on their cheeks". Oh, cracking. I'm well away. Did he specify which cheeks? How would you duel? I've just got this image of the sword.... "Oh, I see. I've got a very wrong idea about this." I've just got two men backing up against each other, with a sword, kind of, "Thunk. Thunk." Only one end of the sword would go, "thunk." The other one would go... It's marvellous, the thought of Bismarck stood there in his dressing gown, cudgels, hand grenades and cannons, and someone else reverses bent over, round the corner. "Well, we're doing it this way. Fair enough. "I've never been beaten by a more worthy adversary." At which point, it turns out the guy's got a cannon up there. Er, yes, scars, for God's sake(!) Scars were usually targeted to the left profile. Okay. Oh, look at you with your, "I'm handsome for 19th century warring Germany" face. You know what? I'll take that. I will take that. It does explain the haircut. And the Pickelhaube. Can we have a big thing that goes across the bottom of the screen that says, "Do not try this at home?" Yes, I think... "unless someone has insulted you and you want a duel? "In which case, that's fine, but remember, we mean the other cheeks. "Yeah?" So yes, going back, pre-French Revolution, back to Julie, Oh, yeah! Who duelled by stabbing someone with a sword. This doesn't sound much like a duel. This more sounds like a very quick stabbing. She was a very good duellist, by all accounts. Well, excellent, obviously, yeah. He was Louis-Joseph d'Albert de Luynes, son of the Duke of Luynes. "He killed my father. Prepare to die." Quite the opposite. One of his companions came to offer his apologies. "He resurrected my father? "Prepare to live?" Okay, when I say the opposite, I mean in more general terms. It was more that they certainly weren't enemies after this. Is there more about... just before we go onto this guy, is there more about him, other than this incident? Because I would hate to be, myself, one of those people in history that's only remembered as being the guy that got stabbed through a shoulder, and potentially stuck to a tree, by that lady that pretended to be a nun, who sang opera, that burnt the convent down. 'Cos that's not a great way to be remembered, let's face it. For one thing, you can't write all that on just the one tombstone. Yeah, both sides. There is not another reference in here. This appears to be the one reference to the man in history. "How do they remember me? ...oh, you're kidding. Come on!" If it hadn't been that, he would have been remembered for being the innately hilarious son of the Duke of Loins! ...I'm probably mispronouncing that. I'm choosing to believe you're not! It's L-U-Y-N-E-S. So if there's any French speakers in here who can… Loins!. Loins it is then. Duke of Loins. There's no advance from the audience. What happened, though, after he recovered? And, by the way, and after he sent his apologies? Oh, good man. I imagine he went, "Ow," quite frequently, for a while. Did his golf take some time to recover? Was there physiotherapy involved? Is this back to swording as an artless euphemism? Did they marry? You're closer, yes. They never married, but they became lovers, and, later, lifelong friends. How can you...! "Oh, remember that time I stabbed you in the shoulder?" "Ah, that's how we met!" Works for me. I'm going to point out, she is still in her late teens at this point. That's nails. We are not in the section, yet, that says, 'Adult Life.' You know when you're at home and you think to yourself, "How is my life going?" Do you ever hear articles like this and think, "I have not achieved enough in life?" Well, how old was she? Late teens? By 19, at no point had I tried to burn a convent down with a corpse inside it. She is somewhere between 17 and 20 at this point, but we don't know if- Oh, well, that's different. By 19, I was all about that, yes. She was hired by the Paris Opera. In full knowledge that she was pretty handy while she was doing it. Oh, no, as a doorman! Can you just imagine when she got appointed at the opera, the CRB check she must've had when she got in? "What do we have? "Well, a little bit of shoplifting when you were 12. "I'm sure that's all done now... "Burning down a convent and stealing a body to burn down said convent, now that was not-" She only set the room on fire; she didn't burn down the entire convent. Oh, well that's alright then. Five years later, she's still the talk of Paris. She's still well known- thank you for those effects. At a society ball, there was a scandal. Turned up as a bloke. Left with a woman. Reverted to being a woman. Burnt the place down when somebody said, "Oi." One of those things is right, but it was a broad, blunderbuss attempt there. So let's try Gary. Singing opera. Throws sword. Stabs man. Room on fire. None of those. So based on those two- Come on, Will. She pretended to be a doctor. And she went around the ballroom, going, "Everyone here has a terrible disease! "You must all come with me." What I like about it, in my imagination, she's dressed as an opera singer. She's got swords down each leg, so she's a bit stiff in walking, and has a stethoscope. Chris, you actually said vaguely the right words there. She kissed a young woman at a society ball. What happened immediately after that? She had a duel with the entire society ball. Yes, she was challenged to duels by three separate noblemen, so I'll give you a point for that. What did she do that night? Er, beat them all in duels. What was illegal in Paris, at that point? Duelling more than two people in an evening. It was considered greedy. Just duelling, in particular. So she now has to flee Paris, because she's also wanted there. Mate, I'd say Marseilles now. I think we're going there. I think she went to Marseilles! Brussels. Re-joins the opera, and the final years of her career here were spent in a relationship with, well, who? Anyone brave enough. Madame la Marquise de Florensac. I'm, again, butchering all the French in here. Well, that's what she was doing with the swords, to be honest. That's taken time. That's excellent. Ugly four that just reached the rope, yeah. On her death, she was inconsolable. She retired from the opera, and then took refuge where? Not a convent...? She died at the age of 33, has no known grave, and is a legendary figure. That window needs just a gentle tap on it now, doesn't it? With a point of a sword, just to come through... So at the end of the show, congratulations Will, you win this one. Yay! You win a Greek philosopher's Mexican salamander speed control. Oh! Aristotle axolotl something throttle. Yes! An Aristotle axolotl throttle. Congratulations, Will. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Will Seaward. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time. Goodnight!
- I am 35,000 feet above the North Atlantic, somewhere just south of the tip of Greenland. And there's no radar coverage up here, there's no real-time view for an air traffic controller to know where all the hundreds of planes sharing this airspace currently are. So, how do we keep safe? How do we avoid getting a bit too close to any of them? The answer is down at my destination. GPS: "Continue for 205 miles." This is the Nav Canada Area Control Centre in Gander, Newfoundland. And if you're over the North Atlantic, these are some of the folks keeping you safe. - The North Atlantic tracks are the airways that we develop each day for our eastbound aircraft who fly across from us over to the UK area. The westbound tracks are produced by our counterpart over in Scotland via Prestwick Centre. The way the North Atlantic works, there's basically two main airflows. During the night time, our night time here, most of the aircraft leave North America and fly across to the UK. And during the daytime, most of those same aircraft return. It's a 24 hour operation obviously. We start with our day-shift, comes in early in the morning. We'll ask all these aircraft to send in their preferred routes for that night. So I'll take that into consideration. I'll also look at weather models. Eastbound aircraft, all the aircraft want to get into the main jet stream to pick up that tailwind so they can save money and fuel and time. From all that, we'll develop a set of tracks based on that flow, and once the tracks are published in the morning, airlines then have anywhere from 8 to 10, 12 hours to decide on what track they want to follow that night. - The tracks can look curved and inefficient on the flat map projections we're used to but you've got to remember, they're great circle routes. They're the shortest, and cheapest way around the globe of the earth. And also, the tracks are three dimensional. Planes can be separated because they're on a different track, or because they're on different positions on the same track, or by altitude. - It's a requirement for an aircraft to give us a position report every 10 degrees of longitude. And we take that information, and we apply it to the aircraft's route, and we update our system, and we can kinda predict where he's gonna be too. When there's no radar coverage, there's two main forms of communicating with the aircraft over the Atlantic Ocean. We can go through our radio operators, our flight service operators, and contact them through HF. The easiest way for us, I guess, is like a form of text message, you could call it. I can just click on a button, and I can tell exactly where that aircraft is at that point in time. It's very precise, even without radar. As a normal standard for our tracks, side-by-side, which is our lateral separation, we're running 60 nautical miles apart. As time progresses, airlines get better equipped, we'll probably have all our tracks at 30 miles apart from each other. Longitudinal, which is one aircraft behind the other, we're running 10 minutes. We can reduce that down to a five minute standard if airliners are equipped. And vertical, we're using 1,000 feet. Some nights, you can just sit out on your patio on a nice clear night, and you can see numerous aircraft, and they look like they're all on top of each other, but basically, they're all at least 1,000 feet apart, if not more. They just have to be separated in one dimension basically. As soon as an aircraft gets too tight to another aircraft, we interject and say, okay, we need to slow you down, or speed you up, traffic permitting obviously, right? If a plane has an emergency, they have contingency procedures. They have their TCAS. TCAS is their Traffic Collision Avoidance System. For instance, if you had two aircraft and an aircraft did something it wasn't supposed to do, climbed up into another aircraft, that plane has a TCAS system that says, okay you have incoming traffic, you have to climb, or descend, or whatever the resolution is, right? So as soon as we're made aware of an emergency situation, we look at separation, we try to move what aircraft we can, and we provide a conflict free clearance for that aircraft, safety being the number one thing here. - Thank you very much to everyone at Nav Canada, and at the Gander Area Control Centre. You can find out more about them and the tracks at the links in the description.
I am in Iceland. It is both stunningly beautiful and stunningly cold, and it's also a very good place to talk about something you might not know, which is names. Specifically, how a lot of the world's names—perhaps even a majority— don't fit into the English system of names given to you by your parents and then names inherited from your parents. Here in Iceland, for example, the idea that you have a family name handed down generation to generation to generation just doesn't happen. It's rare at best. Instead, children take their parents' first name with "son" or "daughter" added to it. Which instantly makes the Icelandic telephone directory a little bit complicated: you have to index by first name and by occupation because there are so few last names in total. And if that sounds strange, well think of all the people you know whose last names are gonna be Thomson or Davidson or Peterson or Jameson. All of those are that Icelandic system, which used to be the English system, it's just changed now so it is a family name. And beyond that you have all the people who don't go by their legal name. Technically even I don't—my legal name is Thomas Scott, but I go by Tom. Add to that the people who go by their middle name, or who go by a nickname, or who just go by a different name for any number of reasons. Then you've got the cultures who put their family name first, which is always confusing when they're trying to translate over to English. Which brings me to a bit of advice, really. If you're asking for people's names, either on a paper form or online, don't put first name and last name. Don't put—the worst-case— Christian name and surname. Just give someone a box to type into—just ask them what their name is. And for bonus points, then ask them how they want to be addressed, because, well, if you want to make friends, the best way is to get someone's name right. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
It's a cold and windy winter solstice, and I'm in one of the best places in the world to celebrate it Avebury henge, in Wiltshire. It's basically Stonehenge's lesser known cousin. And I reckon it's better. If you believe the new agers, then Avebury, this whole site- It's enourmous by the way, it's many times the size of Stonehenge. Enourmous earthworks, three stone circles. This is the center of a swirl of energy highways, Ley Lines as they're known. In the 1920's a man called Alfred Watkins brought out a book called "The Old Straight Track". The idea that there were dead straight tracks running across Britain that ancient peoples would follow. In the 1970's that got mixed up with a whole load of "New Age" beliefs. By someone called John Michell. He came up with the idea of Ley Lines. Mystical energy highways that spread across Britain, and presumably the world. Thing is, if you look at the data, if you look at where the Ley Lines actually are, you can see the patterns. You can see points in a line, and the Ley Lines following them. Well... you can. But also if you just put a hundred random dots down on a map, mathematically you can also draw lines between them. You can also find Ley Lines between Woolworths stores, as mathematician Matt Parker did. Or between old red telephone boxes. Since Britain has thousands and thousands of scheduled ancient monuments. But, well this is still a site of great spiritual significance. As I've wandered around there've been a lot of new age pagans around. Some drumming, some just smoking pot, and a couple just kinda putting their heads to the stones. This is why this place is better than Stonehenge. Stonehenge, you can't get close to the stones, except on special days. You certainly can never touch them. But here, well These stones have been torn down and put back up a couple of times by various branches of Christianity and paganism that've come through. Someone has build a villiage in the middle of the standing stones and run a road through it. There are some that've just been replaced with small markers to show where evidence says a stone once was. No one really complains that the Sistine Chapel is restored every now and then. I don't think we should complain that these stones have been restored either. This is a very real way of having some kind of connection to the ancient humans who were here four and a half, maybe five thousand years ago, and who put these stones up for... Well. We'll never know what reason and if that means we get a little bit of new age beliefs... Well, I can't really begrudge that. Happy winter solstice. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. Joining me in the studio today: he reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! Hellooo. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan — Gary Brannan! Salutem. And the bounciest man on the internet — Matt Gray! It's not a studio, it's a kitchen diner. I'm choosing to quietly ignore that. In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia, and these guys can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is: Today's article is: Lisa Clayton. She's from somewhere that makes bricks. Ooh. Why do you say that? ALL: Clayton. TOM: Ohh, right. Erm, Birmingham actually. GARY: Yep. MATT: Yup. [Laughter] Okay, so someone from Birmingham. What is this, f***ing Crime Watch? CHRIS: 'Have you seen Lisa Clayton?' 'Have you seen her? Do you know her?' Well, here's the thing: Lisa Clayton, you wouldn't have seen her for quite a while... For 285 days. Because she was invisible? [Laughter] Briefly. That's not briefly! You'd cause bedlam with 285 days of invisibility. It's brief on the universal scale! Oh, yes, yes. So 285 days of being invisible. Er, of not being seen by the world. Hibernation. In a cupboard. World Hide and Seek champion. [Laughter] I'd go with that one. Er, not quite. She did certainly go away for a while. Arctic wanderer. Ooh, explorer certainly. I will give you a point for that. [DING] Explorer in the sense of going places rather than the sense of discovering places. Did she go to Wolverhampton? That's still not been discovered! The mystical city of... ALL: Wolverhampton! MATT: Eugh. The one thing I do know about Wolverhampton, they've got battered chips. TOM and MATT: Oooh. GARY: Eh? Two very different reactions there. I went, [Doubtful] 'Oooh...' Matt went, 'Yep, yep, I'll have that.' Yeah... I'm with Matt on this. See, it would involve going to Wolverhampton to get it, but what I can do is try it at home. The other thing is, I think you'd only need three. I think after three, I'd have had enough. Have you ever had a battered chocolate bar? ALL: No. I once tried that, but I didn't work out you had to put batter in it. So I just dropped a Rocky into a pot of oil. CHRIS: Fwoomf! 'Awww.' There's a chippie round the back of the Nestlé factory, and I had a battered Yorkie. Oh... Yeah... No. TOM: Ohh, that's a dense... One bite was enough. Because it is just hot dripping chocolate, hot dripping oil, and... [Gags] It's just a weapon, isn't it, basically. We're back to our chocolate rods from God... GARY: We are. MATT and TOM: Yeah. That's how you get the casing on to get it through the atmosphere. GARY: I was going to say that that's a hand grenade. I was once in the US, and someone ordered deep-fried cheesecake. Ooo. GARY: How does that work? You get a slab of cheesecake, you batter it, and you deep fry it. And then you add like, raspberry sauce on it. I had one bite, and was like: That's lovely, and that is now enough. [Laughter] I did have some cake the other day, where somebody, rather than creating icing, had just rendered down entire Mars bars. ALL: Ohhh... So every element of the Mars bar then re-set into... TOM: I can't get behind that. When I was... Quite a while ago, when I had a house in York. The woman was a bit dicky but I wanted to make a cake, right, to take to work.. So I made cake one... Didn't really rise, door not shutting properly. Now what I should have done is said, Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt it, I'm going to Tesco. But damn it, I'd started, I was going to do this. So I tried again — that one, also flat. Tried again, that one also flat. Oh God, I know where this is going. Third one burnt down, fell over, and then sank into the swamp. [Laughter] 'But the last one stood up!' So I put... At this point something happened in my brain that wasn't normal sense. I thought: stack them all together, put jam and cream in between, And then I melted over the top an entire Yorkie. TOM: [Groans] In fact, three entire Yorkies, I think it was, I put over the top of it. You've just got a brick! You've got... You've got a prohibited weapon there! I've got to say, it was almost starting to collapse in on itself, mass-wise. GARY: Superdense... I nearly created a cake black hole, it turns out later on. Someone said their teeth hurt after eating it. TOM: Yes! You've got four cakes crushed down! 'We're out of osmium, best use cake!' It's diamond. The middle of it was a solid diamond, and small other buns were starting to get trapped in its orbit. [Laughter] Just walking past a cake shop to take it to work, and stuff's battering up against the glass. [Whooshing noises] Cake-based gravity... Could...? I was gonna say "Could you do that?" I'm pretty sure the answer is: no. No! I'm achieving it as the years pass. GARY: Yeah...! A long time ago we were talking about Lisa Clayton. GARY: Oh yeah, we were, yeah! TOM: To give her full name... Did she go into space? Er, no. Lisa Lyttelton, Dowager Viscountess Cobham. As she is now known. Now that's one for your exam paper, isn't it. Yep. She set out September 1994, came back June 1995. Tried to discover America; worked out it had already been done. [Laughter] Oh. You know what, you're very close. Oh f*** off. CHRIS: And you said 285 days... TOM: Yup. Only person to walk across Canada? But not seen. People'd see you in Canada. There are people. She tried to row across the Atlantic on her own or something? Close enough, I'll give you the point. [DING] 'Fastest Sail Around the World by a Woman, Single-Handed Without Assistance'. 'First British Woman to Sail Single-Handed and Non-Stop Around the World'. Respect! Well done to you! That's good work, that is. If you still... And to be sat there with one of your hands just in your pocket! What? Single-handed... Ohh. Yeah, just making it look good! TOM: Wow... That seems like an unnecessary thing to do to yourself. ...encumbrance, isn't it, yeah. There'll be a point someone off the Cape of Good Hope, You're like, 'I should really have done this two-handed, but you know...' 'I did say at the start!' MATT: 'An award's an award!' A 38-foot yacht. Does anyone want to take a guess what it was called, given that she was sponsored by her university? University of Birmingham. The Brummie Bastard. It's a good name for a boat. Not quite. I was hoping it was sponsored by Staffordshire University, and then she could have been Keelehauled. ALL: AYYY! Keele is a town in Staffordshire. Was it [Brummie accent] the 'Alroight'? You know what, that's close enough. It's the Spirit of Birmingham. I was going to say, HRH Lenny Henry. GARY: [Laughing] Spirit of Birmingham... I like the way you went with *HRH* Lenny Henry... something I'd like to see — rather than HMS. [Laughter] Me too. 31,000-mile journey, single-handed, round the world, in a yacht... Some of the difficulties she'd have had on the way? Crying. If Ellen MacArthur's anything to go by. Yes, if Ellen MacArthur's anything to go by. Tesco delivery not turning up. To be honest, you have enough trouble with that anywhere. She's just sitting there, sailing around, trimming the sail... All of a sudden, she looks around: 'Sorry we missed you' — 'I'm sitting right here! How did you manage that?!' 'I have a hundred miles of visibility in every direction!' That's because they've got a Tesco submarine. I like the idea of Tesco submarine delivery... because it implies there's a Walmart submarine from a different superpower steadily hunting them. And all Asda can afford is a destroyer on the surface, hoping for the best with depth charges. And there's a Carrefour flotilla coming up... 'We're loading in the granary torpedoes now!' Eyyy! Granary torpedoes: type of bread. CHRIS: I enjoyed it. TOM: He got it. I got it. Hardships on the way, as you're circumnavigating round the world? TOM: What might your boat do? Fall over! Yes. Have a point. [DING] I was going to go for, more drastically: sink. [Laughter] Well, she wouldn't have made it round if it sank. She might have... been able to reinflate it? TOM: It's not an inflatable dinghy! It's not... ₤9.99 Tesco summer range inflatable dinghy. Stood on one end, inflating the other end... 'F***in' hell!' It's not the Scarborough boating lake she's trying to circumnavigate here. No, she went round that enough times to make up 31,000 miles. Yeah. Yeah. Capsized seven times. GARY: How? MATT: That's all right. I don't know how you right a boat on your own when it's capsized, but... MATT: Carefully. CHRIS: Yeah. Basically, you stand on the rail, and I think there's a line that attaches to the end of the mast. I mean, this is the principle for dinghies, I don't know about a 38-foot yacht. TOM: Oh, okay. Yeah. But basically you haul on that end of it... Wow. And then you go back in the water as it... MATT: And hope it doesn't keep going. TOM: Yeah. Yeah. That's the principle with smaller vessels. I don't know if her weight's enough to do it, or whether she can move ballast across in... Ah, that's a point, yeah. It's probably water-based ballast, so you pump it up to the topside or something. Or the side that's out of the water, and then you lean on it... I would have thought you wouldn't go all the way around the world with a boat you couldn't right. Because it's capsized, then you've got 'turtle' which is when the mast's downwards, and then you just... GARY: That's it, she's had it. CHRIS: You go home. CHRIS: On the other hand, did you see this thing, it was earlier in the year... You know there are now these carbon trimarans with solid carbon sails. It's just like a big vane on the back. They flipped one. MATT: [Gasps] GARY: Oh, I can see that... They nosed in. Oh, is this the America's Cup? The America's Cup one. Yeah. TOM: That killed a man. MATT: That killed them. Yeah. Because the new ones are essentially hydrofoils, floating above for most of the journey. CHRIS: Yeah. Fifty miles an hour, carbon fibre... Nosed in, flipped it — mast down. GARY: Yikes. So the America's Cup works by the winner of the previous America's Cup sets the rules for the next lot. Oh, is that it? Ahhh. TOM: And the person who won the last one was... I think it was a billionaire who runs Oracle and all sorts of IT groups. Yeah, that's it. It was Oracle. So he said, all the boats — carbon fibre, high speed... CHRIS: Trimaran... TOM: Yeah. Cool things. Essentially, if Batman had a sailing boat... Yeah. [Gravelly Batman voice] 'To the Bat-Boat!' TOM: But when they crash... it's terrifying. MATT: Everyone dies. Yeah. Well, only one. Everyone else was sort of injured. Oh really? I thought it was everyone. No, no. They were rattled but they managed to limp it back to port or get it towed or something. God, that'd be great in other competitions, if the winner could set the rules for next time. Boxing! You can have the springy boxing gloves that come out like that and back in. And until you beat me using that methodology, I'm not interested. We need to get Elon Musk to win tennis. 'Yep. You have to do it in space.' You mentioned Dame Ellen MacArthur, by the way... GARY: Yeah. MATT: Oh yeah. And it's quite interesting to note the difference between her and Lisa Clayton... Obviously, Ellen MacArthur — knighthood for breaking the record... Lisa Clayton has essentially slipped into obscurity. Well, not anymore! TOM: [Laughs] All eight of you watching, please spread the word! At the end of the show, congratulations Matt, you're this week's winner! Yeeeeeeeeees! That went on for much longer than I expected it to! But slightly less long than I was expecting. Yeah. Yeah. You win a British Prime Minister's feeding trough that tells kids to be wary of people they don't know. It's John Major's Stranger Danger Manger. Heyyy! Enjoy that — I've got a use for one of them, actually. In the meantime — I don't want to know why. TOM: That's been Chris Joel. CHRIS: Godspeed. TOM: That's been Gary Brannan... GARY: Godspeed. TOM: That's been Matt Gray... MATT: Bye bye. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time. Is this something like Fish Slapping Dance? ALL: Ohh! With a side o' bacon... Bacon beating! Brannan, if you'd care to mime with me... GARY: Go on. Comme ça? Bradford Crane, which — Bradford! [Laughs] Bradford Crane. 'Hello? Bradford Cranes?' 'Er, yeah, we got a 9-tonne, a 14-tonne, and er, Maurice Micklewhite...'
It looks like I'm in the middle of nowhere, and I guess I am. About a mile that way is Qaanaaq, on the west coast of Greenland, about 700 miles north of the Arctic Circle. The town has more sled dogs than people; the locals, some of them, still hunt seals and narwhal when the ice retreats in the summer. And just outside the town, someone is listening for nuclear explosions. In 1989, 183 countries signed the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. The Cold War had just ended, and with the threat of nuclear apocalypse seeming just a little less likely, the idea of the treaty was to completely ban nuclear explosions, even for research. Two decades later, and the treaty is still not enforced, because politics. But the people who drafted the treaty thought that might happen, and created the Preparatory Commission, whose job it is to get everything in place for when the treaty hopefully, eventually, comes into force -- and even if it never actually happens, to try and do some good anyway. And this over here is one of the results: IS18, an infrasound listening station, part of a network that spans the planet. It’s a microbarograph: a set of very precise air pressure sensors, and it listens for very low frequency sound waves, far below the range of human hearing. They’re less like sound, and more like massive disturbances in the air that travel round the globe after enormous explosions. I'm an electronics engineer, and my job here, now, is to maintain the infrasound station. If you just put a microbarometer in the air, the noise from the wind will be killing every signal. So we have these arrays, we have 96 inlets. It all goes to the barometer. Because we have that many inlets, it is not really probable that the wind noise will be exactly the same at all those inlets so they are fed to a central manifold and the wind will sort-of cancel out. It really does! Detecting something doesn’t mean that there’s been a nuclear test — it might be a meteor breaking up, a volcano erupting, or even a massive iceberg calving off a glacier nearby — but if it can't be explained like that, then governments should start asking questions. Results from here go to the Commission’s headquarters in Vienna, via a base in the middle of town, where they’re combined with those from the dozens of other listening stations around the planet. And as well as that, the commission uses hydroacoustic sensors to detect underwater explosions, seismic stations that detect earthquakes from nuclear tests, and radionuclide detection stations that check the level of radioactivity in the air. You can see from the time difference when the individual stations detect the pressure wave. From that you can deduct what direction it's coming form. The nuclear test ban treaty, if it ever actually comes into force, will apply around the world. Even up here in the Arctic. And theoretically, some rogue government could be ridiculous enough to try and get away with a nuclear test in the Arctic. After all, back in the 20th century, about a fifth of all Soviet nuclear tests were in the Russian Arctic – and that included Tsar Bomba, the largest nuclear bomb in history. Even if new testing in the Arctic is unlikely, data from here can still help triangulate other explosions. When you’re designing a network to keep watch on the planet, not just where most of the people live, that network really does have to be global. Even if that means setting up a research base in one of the most remote locations on Earth. I'm here because of Chris Hadfield's Generator Arctic! It's an amazing chance to be here on the top of the world, Ellesmere Island, glacier right behind us, and we're going to put on a show in Toronto. Massey Hall, November 12th. And apart from that, go see all the videos from all the people who were on this expedition. Links are on screen and in the description now. Thank you so much! My pleasure. Nice to be here!
Loads of people have talked about the International Standard Cup of Tea. And there are hundreds of clickbait articles describing it, or ranting about how it's the wrong way to make tea, and there are lengthy infographics videos talking about it. But, as far as I can tell, no-one has actually made a Standard Cup of Tea for the internet before. And there are a couple of reasons for that: one, you have to either buy a copy of the standard or visit a library that subscribes to the Standards online so you can write down the details, and two, it requires specialist equipment. Most people in Britain make their tea by putting a teabag in a mug and then pouring boiling water on it. If you want to be fancy, then you take a pre-warmed teapot, and you put some loose-leaf tea in it, like this stuff, and then you brew the tea in there, and then you pour the results through a strainer into a cup. It's... it's fancy. But the standard, ISO 3103, doesn't ask for any of that. Instead, it uses a bit of equipment that most people won't even have heard of: which is a Professional Tea Tasting Set. Now, the standard describes it in more technical terms, diagrams, and requirements of construction and weight and size and volume, but fortunately I could just buy a set that matched the standard. And the instructions for it are actually pretty simple: you measure out 2g of tea per 100ml of water, plus or minus 2%. So for this, that means 2.8g, plus or minus .05g, which I worked out in advance because it took it ages to get it that precise. And then you combine that with either local or standardised water depending on what you're testing, by filling this little mug to the bottom of those serrations. Also, you let it steep for six minutes, which seems a bit long, but hey, that's the standard. Once your six minutes are up, you separate the 'liquor', as it's called, from the tea leaves by pouring it through the little serrations here into this cup. Let's see if I can do it... No, I can't. But close enough. They say that if you're adding milk, you should put it in first, but this is green tea, so I'm not getting involved in that debate. You drain it through there, most of the leaves stay in the cup, and once it's drained, you can inspect the tea leaves. And then you drink it not from the traditional cup, but from the bowl. There is a separate standard, ISO 1839, on how you actually sample it, and what you report. And it tastes, er... (slurps) Tastes okay. It's just okay. Because the standard isn't meant to make the perfect cup of tea, or the most British cup of tea. Every time the fact that there's a Standard for Tea does the rounds of the internet, loads of people misunderstand it as being prescriptive, and saying "everyone should make their tea this way", and they really shouldn't. ISO 3103 is meant to make an okay but reproducible cup of tea. It sets out instructions so that, whoever and wherever you are, you can create the same cup of tea as someone else in another time and place. For regular tea at home? Make it however you want. Stick a teabag in a mug, put the milk in first or last. Use fancy china if you want. Make your tea days in advance and then warm it up again in the microwave. Don't... don't do that. But it doesn't matter. There is no perfect cup of tea: there's only the right one for you. This here? This isn't perfect, it definitely isn't perfect, but as far as I can tell, this is the first International Standard Cup of Tea on the internet. (slurps) I don't actually like tea.
Audience, are you ready? That’ll do, then, can we please have an enormous round of applause for… I’m not. I’m not quite ready. What are you doing over there? He’s popped out again. My trousers aren’t quite where I want them. Are they on you? Yeah. Okay. All of you? Ankles count as on, right? Yeah, close enough. - Can we have a round of appl… - Stop it! What are you d…?! I wasn’t comfortable! You do this every season. Every season, I look round and see you adjusting your personage! I’m not adjusting… I was adjusting my belt! Can we please have a round of applause to start the show!
This is the Technical Difficulties, and this is an experiment. For the very first time, I do not have a laptop in front of me. I do not have any of the facts; one of these three do. Introducing Chris Joel. I just like the idea that this is literally the first time since you turned about 14 that you don't have a laptop in front of you. That's pretty accurate. Gary Brannan. I adore distilled whippet s***. And... What's that a quote from? Tom Baker. Matt Gray. The thing is, I can never say anything here because I have to follow that up. When you say 'that', do you mean Gary or Gary's line? -Gary. -Okay. Don't refer to me as "that"! -The object over here. -Fine, Gary's content! ****er put me in the nominative. T-shirt. Do him up the nominative! Accusative! Here's what's going to happen. Actually, Matt, why don't you tell them what's going to happen? So he was sat around the corner with some headphones on and each of the three of us found a Wikipedia article and we didn't show it to one another. Tom is now going to pick up one of the titles of the Wikipedia articles, which we've put on the pieces of paper down there and we're all going to act like we know what we're on about and Tom has to guess which one of us is talking s*** and which ones of us is telling the truth. Alright, are we ready? Going for this one. Kebakko. Now, can I say, called it: because I said you would open it like that and then do that. A number of times to make sure that he was perfectly encapsulating. Chris. Chris, I'm going to start with you, what's kebakko? Kebakko is a Polish sausage company, kielbasa company, formed mid-70s but died out in the early 80s due to declining profits. I mean that is entirely plausible, Gary, what… That's the idea of the game, Tom. I know, but you know what's also important, me commenting on what I think of your statement. Conversation is how this show works. Sorry, I'm not used to you having an active role. Neither am I. I love the idea of a show where you just sit there and go 'hmm, yeah' to every statement. -And now the... -Brannan, what is kebakko? Kebakko is a type of Finnish convenience food, it's a bit like a meatball, -it's a bit like a kebab. -Hmm. A meatball on a stick. -Correct. -If that was true, that would be great. It sounds awesome. I really need, like, notebooks here for me to write this down. "Who said what to whom?" You're not having a laptop! Mr Gray, what is kebakko? It's funny that you introduced me as Mr Gray for that, it's actually a family name. -Oh! -Yeah, Marcel Kebakko was the, you know, more famous of them and they were touring circus artists. You're all significantly better at bluffing and improvising than I am, I definitely need … can we just … can I get a pen? I actually need a pen and paper for this so I can make notes. Pause. There. Those are hands, Gary, not paws. -Gary. -Yes. The Finnish snack food. I have been to Finland, I have been to convenience stores, I do not believe that kebakko is a thing I can buy there. Well, you're a ****. Sorry, what do you want me to say back to that? It is! What, so you've been to a multitude of snack… of snack... dispensaries and not seen this particular food? He's checked every major brand the length of the country. Tom Scott only believes what he has actually encountered. Let's face it, if there was a product that was balls on a stick, Tom would know. -Oh! Wow! -You're right. Wait. "Meatball dispensary." We just glossed over a meatball dispensary. Ball, ball, ball. Is it like a gum ball machine, you put your five cents and you get a meatball? I see you have both been to Finland. Full of marinara sauce, it comes out pre-glazed. You have your point, it comes with a sauce, it comes with… it comes with a sauce. I like how you said that as you're reaching down. It comes. It comes with a sauce(!) -Dipping sauces. -Get your balls on a stick. -Balls on a stick. -They come with a sauce. Balls on a stick covered in a spicy sauce, do you have a problem with this? I've got to be honest, meatballs on a stick is an entirely plausible Finnish food to have. Yeah. I just worry that what you've actually done is taken meatballs from IKEA in Sweden and desperately tried to backsolve through kebab, so I think Gary, -I'm going to rule yours out. -F***! It's down between... Wow! "I am sorry, your arguing skills are that bad, you're just... no." Well, the case for the prosecution rests on the fact that he never saw one when he was in Finland that time, there we go. Matt, tell me more about the travelling circus artist, what sort of circus acts did they do? They were actually notable for the fact that they … it was all, like, human pursuits, I can't think of the phrase they used for that in the article, but, so it was all like trapezey or swingy or, you know, rather than animals doing things. Which for the time -which I think was 1850 something. -Was it gymnastics, I guess? Yeah, it didn’t use that word, it used something… There'll be a circus word. Yeah, there was a circus word for it, and they started off in, I think it was near Lille, and then made their way around Europe. -And eventually got married to a Judith which… -Judith! -if you heard me giggling while you were in the kitchen, Marcel and... Judith Kebakko. I was about to go no, it's definitely Chris, but that tiny little detail about Judith is either the best bit of plausible rubbish you've ever had or just a wonderful name. -Is that a compliment? Judith is a very plausible name. -Yeah. -I believe in people called Judith. Judith the gymnast. If I was to come up with a couple's name off the top of my head... It wouldn't be Marcel and Judith, this is what gets me. Marcel and Judith. That's a genuinely difficult decision between the two of you. Gary... It's just discounted. ...you are half price. -Doesn’t exist? -No, I don't believe that. Matt, I believe you. Am I right? Yeah, you're right if you're saying that I'm talking s***. Oh! I absolutely was sat here for the last five minutes trying to think of a wife's name other than Judith. You went with Judith! And weirdly that was the most convincing part of the entire bloody story. That's what convinced me! That was the last bit! I was sat there thinking, his wife wouldn't be called Judith! No, I'm just going to have to sell it, it's Judith. Why did Judith get stuck there? I was trying to think of a French sounding or a German sounding female name. Well, that's simple, Judith. So just to be clear, everything Matt said was a lie, none of that is factual? -Yeah, correct, yeah. -Chris. Also bulls***. -Really? -Mm-hmm. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt you. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt you. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt you. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt you, right in the 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt ***, there it is. That was the least plausible! Meatballs on a stick, why would you put a meatball on a stick? So you can hold it while you eat it, it's a kebab. Right, can I read it? "It consists of meat, breadcrumbs, onions, "eggs and spices, the difference is mostly in shape "instead of a ball, kebakko can also be a piece of meat "on a wooden stick and usually sold in packs of 4 to 12. "The name comes from the Turkish food, kebab." Wow! I just… I envisioned this, like, long stick, like you're roasting marshmallows or something with a meatball on the end, which does not seem like a good way to eat a meatball. "The usual way to eat them is to heat them and serve them with various sauces for dipping, -"the stick enables the kebakkos to be dipped and eaten by hand." So it's like a tiny little toothpick stick, right, okay. No, I think there's a little stick and you just dip it in the sauce like a kebab. Well, put it this way, you know when you get a kebab, Tom? -Yeah. -The gesture you were doing before... -Yeah. -Not a good way. Do you eat a f***ing kebab like that or do you have it sideways on? -The man's a genius. -I just thought it was like… I was seeing like small meatballs on sticks, like cocktail things. Right. Point to Gary. A point, no, a point to Matt. -A point to Matt. -A point to Matt for convincing me, congratulations, Judith. Does that mean I win the show? Depends, how long has the show been going on for? We haven't worked this out yet. We have taken a moment, Gary has gone and got himself a new article to replace kebakko. There are three new ones in there, so I do not know. Please let mine come out again. Yeah, it could be Gary's a second time, let's pick it from down here and it is… Folded. Lentokenttä. Lentokenttä, and we will start with Matt on this one, Matt, what is Lentokenttä? Amusingly, considering the previous one, this is a region of Finland. Region of Finland, yeah, do you want to tell me any more about it? Nah, you can ask later. All right. Gary. Amusingly, considering the previous entry, this is a region of Russia, now on the Finnish border, in fact it's the music that comes from that region, traditionally played on the nose flute. I'm almost tempted to just immediately strike that because it was nearly there until the words 'nose flute'. And how well did these theories work last time? -This is why I haven't struck it yet. -I thought you were going to go the other way, I thought you just weren't even going to ask me and it's like, "it's the nose flute", "F*** it, it's clearly the nose flute." -Nose flute music. -Yeah. From a region of Russia near the Finnish border? -Correct. -Chris. Lentokenttä or "Lentokenttä!" is a fake Swedish thrash metal band formed in 1983 in Detroit. Wow! Fake Swedish, what was that, something metal? -Thrash. -Thrash metal band. So you've given me three entirely plausible answers there. Gary, let's start with you this time. Just get the s*** out of the way first. We're going to probe this s*** now are we? -Yes, Gary. -It's a spider. -Is that in shot? -Yes! Spider! -Gary. -Yeah. Lentokenttä, could you tell me any more about it? Well, the... the clue is actually in the title, lento is a word that can be used in Finnish to mean slow, so it's quite slow music and it's quite mournful and the nose flute, though it may sound ridiculous, when you think about it, it actually makes perfect sense. Mournful parp on the nose flute. Don't mock cultural traditions, Matthew! We're going to mispronounce it, we're going to mock them. Yeah, because if you're in the kind of climes that you get on the Russia/Finnish border, you're going to have your mouth covered up with a scarf. So you're more likely to play these things through your nose because it's the bit you leave uncovered to breathe. Actually that's interesting because that makes sense for the band name as well because then it's a pun on how fast the music is rather than being slow and mournful. So yeah, it's slow, it's mournful, it's kind of used at funerals but it's just because your mouth is covered, you have what is called a nose flute, I can't really pronounce it properly in Finnish, but you play it by blowing down there and it makes a slow and mournful noise. Do you have to pronounce it through the nose flute, is that why you can't do it? It helps, I imagine. Get him a couple of straws out of the kitchen and see how he does. Although I have just read a Wikipedia article on this, I have not played a nose flute, so I cannot comment in detail on the experience. No, you see, the problem is, Tom once went to near-Russia and nobody was being buried with a nose flute. To be fair, Matt and I have been to that border, we have both… we both literally sat just a metre or two from that border. It's a very long border though. -It's a very long border. -Pipes stuffed up each nostril playing… The thing is, I don't actually find that entirely implausible. Thank you, because it's f***ing true, that's why. Matt, all you have said so far is "region of Finland" and I refuse to believe that in the time you spent looking at presumably just the first few paragraphs of the Wikipedia article, all you got was region of Finland. If only there was a way of giving myself more time to come up with the answer. Could you tell me more about the region of Finland? Yeah, it's in the south, it's near Helsinki and only 12 people live there... ish. -12ish. -How big is this region? I don't know, it didn't say, but it's got an airport in it. 12 people and an airport. Yet, it employs… -I thought he was going to say Yeti. -Yeti? -Yeti! -In an airport? My brain went snowy. Yeti. Welcome to Yeti Airport, Lentokenttä Yeti. Yeah, but the Yeti's dressed as like a fifties stewardess in my imagination. Hair coming out of the… between the… well, basically like this shirt. No, it's a uniform designed for a Yeti, isn't it? Oh, I want it squeezed in with all the fur. No, I got that. No, it's fully fitted to the Yeti, it's fine, even the wee hat looks in proportion. So that's quite a big hat then? Well, yeah, but you know, on a Yeti it looks small. Alright, is that all I'm getting from you? It's a region, south of Finland. Yeah. 12 people live there, but it employs a couple of thousand because there's an airport there. Helsinki Airport, Vantaa Airport, I think it's called because that's the closest place, but Helsinki's the place people go to. This is worth it just for the pained Tom expressions. -It's such a lovely change in dynamics. -It is, it is because twice in a row we're talking about… we've talked about Finland and I've spent some time in Finland, and I've been wrong on this before. And I immediately want to strike this off because of course Helsinki Airport isn't… it's near a town called Vantaa, you've said it, that it's Helsinki Vantaa Airport. But I cannot conclusively say that the region is not some area called Lentokenttä. Well, I can add one bit if it helps. Sure? I'm not … I'm only going to get it slightly right because I only read it a couple of minutes ago, Airtropolis is kind of what they call the area. Oh, that's cool. -Airtropolis? -That is awesome. Wow! No. No, I'm ruling you out, Matt, it's one of these two, I'm ruling you out. That sounds like something out of LazyTown, sorry, Airtropolis. It's about the right scale, isn't it, total population 12, name of the area, Airtropolis. Full of talking planes. And how can you think I'm lying? Gary. Oh, here we go again. You haven't even gone to Chris yet. Trustworthy face, he can't see the lies through the beard. Why am I getting a full body cavity search? Because Chris came out… Because to be fair, yours mentions body cavities. Yeah! Yeah it does. Is the nose a cavity? Yeah. Yes. Nasal cavity. Look, it's a cavity, I can put my fingers in it. Well, I've never seen in a full body… I mean a full body cavity search, I've seen the odd… up that, you know, but I've never seen them go, and the nose. You haven't watched enough episodes of Border Force. In fairness you're right on that front. I'm getting pins and needles from laughing! I can't hear what he's saying, can you? -He's got pins and needles from laughing. -I'm getting pins and needles through laughing... I think it's this posture. His shirt is cutting off his circulation to his hands. It feels like I've laughed myself into... He's laughed himself into a circulatory disorder, look at what you've done. A lot of coal miners died that way. This isn't funny. -This is how all the comedians go. -Yes. The reason I'm not going for Chris is the 1983 Detroit, it's just… That's because that's where they were formed and when! Like I don't have much to ask you, like do you know more about their music, do you know about their…? Six albums, broke up in 1990, one single that bothered the charts for like metal, if whatever particular chart it is came in at number 12. The Billboard rock chart. Billboard, whatever they're relevant to, came in at number 12, that was their brief spike then sort of disbanded in ignomi... ig-no-mi-ny. That's easy for you to say. It is if I put my teeth in now. I think this is more likely to be the fake metal… the fake thrash metal band than it is… No, they were a real thrash metal band, they were fake Swedish. -Fake Swedish. -Because they're from Detroit. I think that's more likely than funereal border music based on the nose flute. Here we go again. So, Chris, I believe you, was I right? No, it's bollocks. It's bu*******. Wrong. Matt?! It's a region of Finland with 12 people and an airport. And I'm going to correct: Aviapolis. -Aviapolis. -Which is no less cool. So both times, the person I have struck out first has been the correct one. The moral of this story, don't be on jury service with Tom. Don't be on trial when Tom's on jury service. Shall I give you a quick summary not from my memory? Yeah. "Lentokenttä, which in English means airfield, "is a district..." I've killed them. It means airfield! "There's no such place! I have flown into Helsinki, -"it can't possibly be!" -How did I not know the Finnish word for airport?! It is a district of Vantaa. Yeah. Helsinki Vantaa Airport. And the district is part of the Aviapolis major region and has been named after the Helsinki Airport situated there. Helsinki, it's literally the Finnish for airport, how did I not know that? It's the largest single job concentration of all of Vantaa, 11,000 people work there but only 12 people live there. Ah, yes. "Can't possibly be! Strike it from the record, no chance!" What we've learned here is that I'm useless without a laptop in front of me. And that's why this game is good. It works, baby. I love this. That's been the Technical Difficulties, that's been Chris Joel. I demand a third! That's been Gary Brannan. That's been Matt Gray. We'll see you next time.
2014, what did the local Highland League football club do? What, did they get a cow as a mascot? Yes! Did they get, like, a big comedy-costume cow? Really? Yes, you’re absolutely right, spot on. Comedy mascot for the football team, and that is now… that’s the local…. That can be a road to success and power. I know someone who played the Hartlepool mascot, who is a monkey. Well, we know the Hartlepool monkey story, right? We’ve done that. No, you should mention that, ‘cos that’s not going to… Hartlepool, town on the north east Coast, Napoleonic Wars, There is a shipwreck off the coast of Hartlepool. No human survivors but washed up on the beach is a monkey. Okay? Normal, normal, everyday kind of monkey. The people of Hartlepool get the monkey, try and talk to it. Monkey just replies with, ook-ook-ook, as monkeys would. Wait, wait, hold on, sorry, the words “try to talk to it” were in there. Well, they saw this figure… Hartlepool doesn’t have the greatest reputation… It was a ship’s mascot, so it was in clothes. It was dressed as a sailor. Duh. As they try to talk to the monkey, the monkey – mehh! – didn’t reply. So they thought the monkey was talking French, and hung it as a spy. They are therefore called the monkey-hangers, Their mascot for the club is a monkey called H’Angus the Monkey, Who ran for mayor of Hartlepool… and won. That is Stewart Drummond, according to this. Yes! Did you say you know him? My brother knows him, yeah. He got sent off a lot of times for being a naughty monkey at the football. In very inappropriate fashions, by the way. There have been several H’Anguses since, they’ve been all successively sacked. There’s something about the costume, I believe it’s bewitched. I think that’s the way I’d call it. I’m sorry, is this like the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher? Someone’s placed a curse on them, and no one will survive in the monkey costume for more than one season? I think so! It’s not like Yorkie the Lion at York, he’s well-behaved. Yes, you’re… wh… you know what, I’m not even telling that story, yes, that was… Yes, very naughty monkey. Yes! Let’s move on…
So let's say you're lost in the woods. First of all, what the hell, how are you lost in the woods, how do not have an emergency plan, a map, a cell phone, something, but OK, let's say you're lost in the woods, let's say forces unknown have dropped you off here and left you to fend for yourself. OK. You know that given you have no references from the outside world – let's say it's cloudy, as it is – so you don't know where the Sun is. You know that humans will generally wander in a very large circle around and around and around until they collapse from exhaustion. But you know that if you keep going in one direction, if you manage to keep going straight, then you might well survive. But how do you know you're keeping in one direction without a compass or a map? Well, you should know, this is something that most people know, that moss grows on the north side of trees like this Because moss prefers damp conditions, dark conditions, and in the Northern Hemisphere the north side is going to be damper and darker because the sun will normally shine on the south. It's opposite of course in the Southern Hemisphere, sun's mostly in the north there, so moss will grow on the south. But I'm currently in the Northern Hemisphere – I know that much at least – so this must be the north side of the tree.... No. No, actually, that's not true at all because north is that way. North side of the tree: no moss. Because it's actually much more complicated than that, which is something you might not know. You should not use moss for emergency navigation, because the micro climates in the area – particularly here, I'm in Ravenna Park in Seattle, this is just a ravine with very little in the way of sun from any direction – the micro-climate here means that the west side of the tree is actually going to be the darkest and dankest and mossiest. So if you're in a flat plane in perfect conditions, well perhaps it might help you, but for emergency navigation your best idea... Well, look, let's put it this way: I'm not Bear Grylls the best way of surviving is not to get lost in the woods in the first place. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
- Big industrial inventions in the 21st century are made by research and development teams at enormous corporations. They don't come out of somewhere like this, a traditional workshop and foundry that can still be powered by steam sitting in a rural town in Australia. And yet. A screw is a very simple machine, it takes rotational motion and turns it into linear motion so you can rotate this screw, the stuff down there will get picked up, and friction will stop it falling down again right away. That's called a vertical screw conveyor. And you'll find something like this in factories around the world for lifting and moving bulk powder or grain or sand. What would happen if instead of rotating the screw, you instead kept it still and just rotated this cylinder around it? My guess when someone showed me this was, well, nothing. The cylinder will just rotate in place, it's just a cylinder with a couple of scoops at the bottom. If you're confused by that, so was I. - The Olds name came from Cornwall. My grandfather came out in 1868, at 18 years of age. Dad made his first engine, a steam engine, in 1906 when he was 16. And 1925, my older brother was born, he's still going, and [laughs] I came along in 1930. We served an apprenticeship under our father, unofficially, from when we were kids. We try to keep up with the times as much as we can, but using traditional methods. Just before Christmas, I think 2003, we had this new mixer that we'd bought. It was 20-odd thousand dollars and we had it set up where we were going to use it. Nothing seemed suitable for the elevation of the sand up to the hopper over the top, over the machine, and I woke one morning, three o'clock in the morning, with this crazy idea and made a sketch of it and went back to bed and went to sleep. And the next day I came to work and I said, I had a thought about making this. Nah, that won't work, they said and I said well, we're going to try it. It was only a matter of days or a week and we had the first little machine operating. We drove it with an electric drill. We set about making a decent machine then and we put it in the foundry. It did the job amazing. People were coming to have a look at it and I realised we should put a patent application in on it. This was so different I thought it'd be easily protected. Because rotating the casing instead of the screw you can see that it's different. We spent a lot of money on patent coverage. And the name Olds Elevator had been applied to it. And they're made in America and Holland and France and Spain. [laughs] You name it. With this elevator, it's a full flow. And there's no movement of air, virtually, except what might be between the particles of sand. So there's really no dust generated by the machine. Only where it falls back through the open air. This is also a very important thing where you're handling dusty explosive materials. Corn dust is highly explosive. Sugar. Big explosion in the USA a few years back and it demolished a refinery. The clearance between the inside of the rotating tube and the screw allows product to go through it and not be damaged, not crushed. It's a very forgiving type of machine because it can be in very poor condition and it'll work. It's been found that it's a more accurate volumetric feeder than a lot of the devices that are being used. - This took a while to get my head around. Visually, rotating the cylinder instead of the screw, is very different. But from a physics perspective, it's really not. If you rotate the screw, it looks like each level in there is moving upwards, but that's just an illusion. It's just rotating horizontally. Stuff gets lifted because as the screw rotates the particles at the top of the pile are shoved out of the way and they prefer to take the easy route upwards through air, instead of pushing the heavy bulk below out of the way. When you rotate the cylinder, exactly the same thing is happening. The buckets underneath force the particles to go somewhere. And when they're pushed into the screw, they take the easy route up through air. And the next ones do the same and the next one, and the next one, and the next one, and everything keeps going up. They're taking the easy path. It is counterintuitive. And look, I am trying to not make this be an infomercial. I checked, and yeah, this is being used all over the world now, from food handling to solar power towers. This is a good new way of lifting bulk stuff. So what I really don't understand is, through the 20th century, a century of industrialization and automation, how did no one spot this earlier? - I don't know why somebody else hasn't thought of it. In the USA, they were calling me Archimedes II. [laughs] It's different, it's useful, and if it helps people, well that's great. - Thank you to Peter Olds and all the team at Olds Engineering. You can find out more about them and about the Olds Elevator at the link in the description. I am going to have to give you a hand clearing up this bird seed. [laughs]
Today's show is sponsored by Marilyn Manson's Fancy Dancin'. This is the Technical Difficulties. We are playing Citation Needed. I have an almost-randomly selected article from Wikipedia in front of me and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... Now, sometimes the random article selector comes out with something that I definitely can't use. Sometimes it comes out with something wonderful. And sometimes it comes out with something like... The Neckarwestheim Nuclear Power Plant. [Laughter] 'Neck a vest' is when you get a pint of vest and just try and try and down it. Warming! Nekavestnominate! Actually, I found out what the German for 'neknominate' was, and it's 'Biernominierung'. ALL: Ahhh! Yes! It's got a lovely... Biernominierung. Yeah, it's got that kind of assonance in it that really really sells it. 'Neknominate'... enh. 'Ich Biernominierung Hans!' It still works. — Yeah. — It still works. Ohh, 'neck vest'. Neckarwestnominate: you have to build a nuclear power plant in your back garden. I was thinking you'd just have to wear a really bad sweater for the next day. Really tight '80s tank top. That kind of thing. Sorry, it just occurs to me that Starfleet spandex uniforms don't really fit all body types. There's just... That's a fair point! You never saw a fat Starfleet captain, did you? That's what I was thinking. What about Scotty? No, but he didn't wear, like, the first version Next Generation ones, you know, the *really* tight 'you can see their junk' level ones. Oh yeah, they did fit, didn't they? Can you imagine being a bit of a chunkier fellow in one of them? Just the gut hanging out. I suspect that enough TNG conventions have brought us this image. 'I've split my uniform, sir.' — '...again.' — 'Again.' [Sad trombone] Are you just improvising a '70s sitcom on board the USS Enterprise? Carry On Enterprise! Yeah. Oh, actually that would have been really good. Yeah! Carry On Star Trek could actually have been a thing. It's around about the right time. Goodness, I'm glad we're riffing on this, because frankly Neckarwestheim Nuclear Power Plant doesn't... [Laughter] ...doesn't have that much in the way of — Is it in Russia? No, it's in Germany. Can anyone tell me its nameplate capacity? Nameplate capac... Nameplate?! They could have fit dozens and dozens of nameplates in there, but that lousy nuclear fuel... Why are you putting name badges into a nuclear reactor? That sounds like the worst thing you could do! Fifty nameplates per square metre. When you've got a name like that, it must go right to the edge of the... I'm imagining this place looks exactly like the one off Thunderbirds. It's got a big circular sphere thing in the middle, and with a name that long it's going all the way around the edge. Literally — I'm giving you a point. That is pretty much exactly what it looks like. Hahey! Does anyone want to tell me what 'nameplate capacity' is? — Why don't *you*? — I'd thought it was the power output. — No! Name... — Yeah! Point. [DING] Is it? It's the nominal capacity. It's the maximum it can put out, sustained. It's — to use your Star Trek reference again — maximum warp. Oh! I see. About 2.2 gigawatts. — Of course! Argh! Just what I was going to say. — Yes! It's hard to generate interesting questions about nuclear power plants. Let's go a bit more generically. What would happen if you wee in the reactor? That's an interesting question about a nuclear power plant right there. Your dick falls off. Into the coolant, in which the... Into the reactor via a pipe. Okay? I'm not talking about opening the top up and just weeing in there. I know exactly that a jet of neutrons will come out and turn my dick into Godzilla, or something like that, right? I'm... I mean, I'm imagining it's just... ROAR! It's such a brilliant image, I'm sorry! I think we should all just take a breath, and appreciate that what we're actually seeing is a remake of Godzilla, just with a tiny Brannan — perched somewhere very high in the shot. — [Screams] Going, 'Oh ****, I shouldn't have pissed in...' 'however-you-pronounce-it Nuclear Reactor.' 'No, no, don't destroy Tokyo! We need that...!' 'ROAAAR!' You'd look like an amazing Rod Hull and Emu. What if Rod Hull had pissed into a nuclear reactor?! Would Emu have come real? No! [Laughter] Would the emu have become welded to his arm and sentient? Folks, if we do have any experts in nuclear physics watching... 'Help me!' Or indeed in Rod Hull. Yeah. Just... do tell us what would happen. I mean, I'm imagining it would be basically like pissing on the stones in a sauna, only a thousand times worse. [Steam sounds] — Yeah. And then, if you have got an emu on your hand, it comes real. Right? [Laughter] You've basically got a cloud... If you have the foresight to bring an emu with you. Which I would, naturally! ...a cloud of radioactive piss-steam, — essentially, is what comes out there. — Ha! Also, if you've got a real emu, and your hand up its arse, it turns into a puppet. — Ohh! — It cuts both ways. Science is amazing! So anyway, this nuclear power plant. Yes. How long has it been operating? (I'm just naming questions.) Since '54. All right. Okay. Let me have a go, let me have a go. This is looking like something out of Thunderbirds. Yep. And it's a West German nuclear power plant. And it's in West Germany, so — that's fine, because it's been influenced by American and British technology of the time in nuclear reactors, which is what? Influenced Gerry Adam — Not Gerry Adams! Gerry Anderson! Gerry Adams' Thunderbirds! — We're on dangerous territory here, lads. — WHOA, everybody! I wasn't going to say anything more to follow that. I was going to let it run all on its own! I was just assuming... During the '80s their voices were provided by actors. [Laughter] Yes. I was thinking the entire series as being silhouetted, like The Hood in the opening credits. It just never comes out of it. Oh, s***! ...Gerry *Anderson* would have been influenced by. So I'm going to say, 19... 59, 1960? I said '54. Er, '63. Why not. You're closest. Point. '71. [DING] — Yes! — Argh! Closest without going over! W*****! Which was late enough that it got what? That earlier power plants may not have had? Safety! And protection. Yeah, it's got to be something like that. Following Windscale, yeah. Yeah. A ribbon to open it with. Er, it was more something that they wouldn't have wanted. Protest. Protest! [DING] Protest. Have a point. Absolutely right. Blocked the entrance with an eight-metre wall. Oh, fair p— A wall? Yes. — They don't just appear. — A wall of...? Literally, a wall of breeze blocks that they brought with them. What do you mean, brought — bollocks! Good on — that's some classic protest! I like that. Yeah, but how long is it — Whoa, whoa. Eight-metre-long. Not eight-metre-high. Ahhh. Just over the entrance road, yeah. — Still pretty cool. — I'm gonna say. Yeah, that's a pretty good protest. Like, we're not going to chain *ourselves* down... Because I've got to say, there's some security guard that's sat there, sipping his, I don't know, his schnapps or coffee or whatever, going — Schnapps?! [Laughter] I don't think security guards on nuclear power stations are allowed schnapps. It might be cold. They're looking outside, someone's building a wall... 'Hmm. Better do something about that soon.' [Drunken singing] You know. You could easily just come out and go, 'Hey, hey, hey. Leave it. Leave it. Don't do that. Put it down.' There is an international market for electricity. Every time EastEnders ends, we have to buy in power from the continent and bring it over to the UK. And French nuclear power stations have to stick another rod of uranium on, or something, I don't know. [Laughter] I don't think...! — Just into a frying pan! — Stick another log on! I think that's how it works! I'm not a scientist, but I... Ainsley Harriott's Nuclear Power. 'I'll bang it in there, it's lovely.' 'Just bring another nuclear rod in from the shed, would you?' — 'I think it's going to get cold.' — 'Yeah, all right.' Have you got the schnapps? It's cold out there. [Laughter] Mind you, you're saying this... I went to York's nuclear bunker ALL: Oooh! ...the other day. I went and did the tour. And one major gripe: the guy doing the tour pronounced it 'nucular'. [Groans] That aside — very, very interesting. Is this the one with the sign that says 'Secret Nuclear Bunker — This Way'? Yeah. It says. Right next to the windmill as well. I had a brilliant day. I had a tourist's tourist's tour of Holgate. — Windmills and bunkers! — Windmills and bunkers. That's like Bedknobs and Broomsticks... [Laughter] ...only more about power generation. But it turns out, they didn't have NBC suits. Er... Nuclear, Biological, Chemical. They didn't have the standard protection suits. So what you've got is a hundred and eighty civilians, trained to run this place in the event of nuclear attack. The first sixty to get there would be allowed in. The other hundred and twenty were told, 'Go home to your families; enjoy dying.' Wow. I'm imagining that looking like a rather grimmer version of It's A Mad, Mad World. Oh yeah. Sixty. That's not many. No. The sixty that are in there can only survive for thirty days; work a hot bed system, twenty hours each; don't have NBC suits to go up on the roof to check the readings; the thing can't survive a direct hit, which is anywhere within twelve miles; Oh. ...and these are the volunteers. These are the people that *want* to be there. It's full of mechanical equipment... so the police had a list of engineers, which they would randomly select from, and at this point it all goes a bit Soviet Russia. Because the police go, and invite them to join, and come and help, and if they say no, they're arrested, and they go along to help anyway. Wow. I'd just go straight to the 'arrested', personally. Yeah. 'There's two ways we can do this...' But it's the thought of everyone pelting in, in various methods of technology... Yeah, and the sixty-first person just... — 'Darrrgh!' — 'Ooooh!' 'Doooh!' It seems wrong to have this as a farce in my head, but in my head, the door closes, it just kind of... — Bonk! — Yeah. Bounces back down the steps, yeah? Either that or the last person runs in and reaches out, and pulls his hat back in before the door shuts. It's really weird as well, because they do the tours on an hourly basis, or an hour-and-a-quarter basis, and if you're not there when they go in, you're not allowed in. They go and close off the spiked top fence, then they close the blast door behind you, and you go and do the tour. So when we come out, having had — you know, it's seriously paranoic down there. — Yeah. — It's weird, it's like... This was never used. This is the weirdest 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt I've... eugh! This is strange. This should be a film set, it's not. And you go back out and you open the blast doors, and there's all these people on the fence just waiting to be let in for the next tour! [Laughter] Aaaa! Aaa! It's like Threads! It's like Threads happened! It's Threads turned up to eleven. If you guys are around on a different Sunday, because we're going to be busy tomorrow, You'll — well, you'll hate it, but you'll all love it, I'm sure. It's great. No! No! No! Because it'll make me think of Threads! Yeah! Speaking of that bunker tour, they're still doing... well, they The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt still doing tours around the Chernobyl site. — Yes. — Yeah. Well, it's slowly becoming more acceptable to go in there. But the roof's about to cave in there... — they haven't finished fixing it, so. — Oh, no, no, no... — Not in terms of fallout, I mean... — Yeah. 20,000 years or whatever before it's habitable. But the restrictions around it are slowly slackening so that you can go in. Yeah. What was a pretty impossible tourist destination ten years ago is... they were doing package tours five years ago, and now it's got to the point where they're opening it for filming... They're just letting people in. And it's always been kind of a porous border anyway, — because locals could just come in. — Yeah. Some of their people are still living there. — Yeah. — Yeah, some people refused to move. Wildlife's thriving. — Oddly. — Oddly. Weirdly. So, you know what? Fling another nuclear rod on, it seems like it's fine! Stick another rod on the barbie. [Laughter] I was just thinking that. Just to drag it back to being silly... Yeah. Obviously, the bunker in York is one of the big command centre bunkers. Yes! And it was decommissioned and whatever else... Was it an RSG? To use the technical terminology — Regional Seat of Government? No, that was the bunker over the road. Which is now gone and is now a modern-built block of flats, but it was near there. Not as big as the Harrogate one, because obviously that's the... — the backup national one or whatever. — Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. There's like thirty or sixty of these bigger ones, with the sixty people who get to wait for thirty days to go outside and die, but anyway. And they've been sold off or whatever else. One of them, you can paintball in. ALL: Ohhh! And obviously, on top of this, there's all the little three-man ones that are out in the hills and around. The Royal Observer post ones, yeah. Yeah. They're being sold off as real estate. Yeah. It's all ROC... — Can you?! — Yeah. The nearest one for us is in Fulford, and it's somebody's wine cellar. Ohhh, yes! And there are also people who will do package tours, where the three of you can go and be in this hole for three or four days, for a watch cycle of the ROC. Next filming location! Three of us cooped up in one location for an entire weekend? I'd go spare anyway. Can you imagine the maft? [Groans] Well, this is the thing about this hot bed system. You've got sixty of them on eight-hour shifts, twenty at a time, and you literally... just climb back in. That's the hot bed idea. And you've got a litre of water a day, so you're not going to wash with it. At that point, when the world has ended... I'd drink my own piss, quite frankly. Oh no, there was enough to drink, just about. No, he would anyway! Sorry, I was tempted to end on that line. Just cut to black... ...on that. 'I'd drink my own piss, quite frankly!' [Laughter] Thump! 'FIN.' All right. On that... 'On that nuclear bombshell...' [Groans] Clarkson!! Congratulations, Chris, you win this one. Just for talking for the longest. Just for talking for the longest, yeah. But with knowledge and aplomb! — A plum? — A plum! I also have other fruits! A nuclear plum. You've won a piece of classical music played using old military ordnance. — Ah. — That fits. It's Pachelbel's "Cannon in D". — Until next time, that's been Matt Gray... — Bye-bye! That's been Gary Brannan... That's been Chris Joel... 'It's the end of the world as we know it.' I've been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. Congratulations! You made it through the wilderness and to the credits. Leave us a comment if you liked the show, or better yet, tell your friends. And there are more than thirty audio episodes of our reverse trivia podcast at techdif.co.uk. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Behind me is the Carpenters Arms, the notorious London pub once owned by the Kray twins. Now, of course, it's a regular London pub in trendy Shoreditch - there's a ukulele shop opposite it - but that's not what I'm here to talk about. I'm here to talk about the people in there. You see, I could say that the people in there were drunk. I could say that, but I'm not going to, because under English libel law, that could get me sued. See, English libel law has three tests for whether something is libellous: First, is it published, and yes, this is on YouTube, it's published. Secondly, is it defamatory? Could it impugn someone's character? And yes, saying they're drunk could do that. And thirdly, is it false? Except that's not strictly the test, because the burden of proof, if you are sued for libel, is on you, the defendant. I would have to prove that the people in there, whoever they were, were actually drunk, and without a police record, or without a breathalyser test, or footage of them downing an entire bottle of vodka, I can't actually prove that. I can say that they are 'happy' or perhaps 'merry' or 'in a pub' and that's fine, that's all true, but I can't necessarily prove that they are actually drunk. Now for that, the British press has a wonderful euphemism for many years: 'tired and emotional,' coined after a politician called George Brown gave that as a statement in 1967 for the reason he was behaving erratically. 'Tired and emotional' got picked up by Private Eye, the famous satirical magazine, and it entered British parlance, and now, well a lot of folks know that 'tired and emotional' means 'drunk' which means that nowadays, journalists in training are taught not to describe someone as 'tired and emotional', that just using that phrase itself might be libellous, because everyone knows that it means 'drunk.' British libel law is terrifying if you're a journalist, which is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the kilogram. Not a kilogram, the kilogram. The British National Standard Kilogram, at the National Physical Laboratory in Teddington. It's a lump of platinum-iridium alloy, it's kept in a very very secure safe just under here, and it weighs... well, one kilogram. Mass measurement around the world needs to be equivalent. So if I buy something in America that's a milligram, or a kilogram, or 100 tonnes, I need to know that it's equivalent to a milligram, or a kilogram, or 100 tonnes in the UK. The real key areas of interest, where the uncertainties are very important, are, for example, the pharmaceutical industry where you're dealing with very, very small quantities of active ingredients and you have to measure them very, very accurately. So when, say, your bathroom scales were manufactured, they were tested against equipment that was tested against equipment that, several chains down the line later, was tested against something like this. And this was tested against the International Prototype Kilogram in Paris. And this is a really weird thing to wrap your head around, but that one in Paris? It always weighs a kilogram. It doesn't matter if it's gained a tiny amount of mass from adsorbing air contaminants, or lost a tiny amount when it was cleaned. It is one kilogram. We know that the International Prototype is probably not stable, because all its copies are unstable relative to itself. But there's nothing above the International Prototype that you can compare it with to tell whether it's changing or not. Defining international constants by a physical thing is... not ideal, so in the next few years, scientists round the world are deciding what the 21st century standard should be. The formal definition will be based on physics, likely Planck's Constant, but how do you make that into a physical thing? There are two options: first, a fixed number of atoms. You can manufacture 1kg sphere of almost-pure, single-crystal silicon relatively easily. What you have to measure here is the lattice spacing, ie how far the atoms are apart in the sphere, and the volume of the sphere. And both of those are measurements you can make at a level of uncertainty where you can generate a sphere which has an accuracy of a part in 10-to-the-8, roughly. The downside of that is it costs you €2.5million for a sphere. Finding the kilogram that way seems to make sense. We're measuring mass, after all. But there is an alternative which could be cheaper and easier, although it isn't quite as obvious. The watt balance is an electrical way of measuring mass. This is a way of demonstrating simply how a watt balance works. We have a loudspeaker here and if I pass a current through the coil of the loudspeaker, you can see that the cone will move up and move down. If I was to put a mass on here, if I restore the position of the mass, the current I need to do that is a measure of the weight of that mass. The problem I've got is that I don't know the strength of the field of the magnet, or the number of turns on the coil. And I can do a second experiment by moving the cone of the speaker, like that. If I was to measure the velocity with which I was moving that, and also measure the voltage which was produced, that would tell me that quantity and allow me to eliminate it from the two experiments. Which, if done accurately, is enough to work out the weight of that mass. Whichever approach gets chosen, there will still be physical reference kilograms in the world. They're not going away. But for the first time, we're going to have something absolute to compare them against. Thank you to everyone at the National Physical Laboratory! They have a YouTube channel that you can check out, and they occasionally hold open days. Details are on their web site. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Up there is the bridge of the Kapitan Klebnikov, the Russian icebreaker that’s taking me, and the rest of Chris Hadfield’s expedition, around the Arctic. Nowadays, navigation up there, and, well, on most ships is mostly automatic, it's handled by GPS and computer-driven charts. But hidden away up on that bridge is an emergency backup that's roughly the same as explorers have been using for centuries. It's a sextant, and it's used for celestial navigation. You get the angle between the horizon and a known star, even the sun, at least, when it's not cloudy, consult a lookup table and do a bit of maths, and you have your latitude. Now a hundred years ago, when a sextant was the only way to navigate, the claims of explorers had to mostly be taken on the records that they kept… or else just on faith. To this day, no-one is entirely sure who it was who first made it to the North Pole. Frederick Cook claimed to have reached it in 1908, but his records don’t really add up, and his evidence was questioned, particularly by a man who claimed to have made it to the Pole a year later: Robert Peary. By most accounts Peary was a thoroughly unpleasant man, but for many years he was widely considered to have led the first expedition that actually reached the North Geographic Pole in 1909. There’s a memorial to him on a high ridge at Cape York in Greenland, although, admittedly, it was placed by his widow. But he was the only one on the final part of his expedition who was trained in navigation, the only one who knew how to use a sextant, and all his really claims don’t add up in hindsight. He almost certainly -- whoa -- didn’t reach the Pole. Then there was US naval officer Richard Byrd and his pilot, Floyd Bennett, who claimed to have flown over the pole: but there were a lot of holes in their data too, a lot of overprecise sextant results that couldn’t possibly be right. Even the makers of their aircraft said they were unlikely to have made it. And it’s not like any of them could leave a flag or a marker. The north polar pack ice, the thick stuff, not the thin stuff we're going through, the thick stuff, is still just floating around on the Arctic Ocean, and it drifts back and forth. Roald Amundsen led the first expedition that provided convincing evidence they reached the pole, by airship. But they didn’t land there, they just flew over it: it was after the Second World War, in 1948, when a Soviet expedition finally set foot at the exact geographic North Pole, after flying there. Other explorers reached the Pole over the pack ice, with air support, but the first confirmed surface expedition to the North Pole without resupply: it took until 1986, when after several attempts, Will Steger finally achieved something that most of us would assume some Edwardian explorer had managed decades earlier. Nowadays, if you have enough money, you can fly to the Pole, or you can take a nuclear-powered icebreaker, you can check your GPS to confirm it, and you can send a selfie back via satellite phone. We are not going that far north on board this ship, and we don’t have a nuclear reactor to give us enough power to get through the thick ice up at the pole. But if all the fancy technology on this bridge fails, we can still use the same technique as explorers centuries ago: and track our position by the stars. At least, where we can see them. I'm on this trip because of Chris Hadfield's Generator Arctic, and so is this man! My name is Ben Brown, and I am so lucky to be here right now! Go check out his videos, he provided the amazing drone shots for this, links are on screen or in the description now. -- Thanks, bro! -- That's okay!
This is the Technical Difficulties and we are playing Two Of These People Are Lying because two of these people will be. Joining me are Chris Joel, Gary Brannan-- He said, "Why do you blow that bugle?" And I said, "It don't work if you suck it." And Matt Gray. The way the game works is, the three of us have all picked an article from Wikipedia and written it down on these pieces of card. Tom is now going to pick one of the pieces of card and one of us will be telling the truth about what the article is and two of us will be lying. And today we are talking about... Evangelina Psarra? "Psarra?" Psarra. Egangelina Psarra. Gary, we're going to start with you this time. Evangelina Psarra. Is a musician in the field of sonic art. Sonic art, is that... Yeah. It's just a hedgehog, doing really bad Mona Lisas. Does she perform the ring cycle? [all] Wheey! I'll get me coat(!) Chris, Evangelina Psarra. It is a skin disorder. - Oh! - Oh. I think we were all surprised by that. - Matt... - You would be! Evangelina Psarra? Is a Greek... ...archer. Let's start with that Greek archer. Okay... Confidence! Could you tell me some more about them? She competed in the summer Olympics. Many years in a row, from 2000 until 20... was it '16, the last one? Those are both summer Olympic years. In 2016, she was ranked 8th in the women's something else. You know, when someone says a very qualified statement about where you're ranked. Oh, yes. Like some brands do, we are "the something most thing - "of the something or other thingy." - Yes. It was the women's something or other. So, it's the name of the event, but to me it sounded like one of those things like, "I'm the best... in this little category". It was women's singles, or whatever. I don't know how arching works. - Arching? - Yeah. - Not archery, arching. - Arching? - Just very good at just arching. - Just bend and a curve. And then there was an entire paragraph about her scores and how, I think, that when she ranked 8th it was a 75 shot to reach a score of 650. Whatever that means. I've never even watched any professional archery but... He's watched plenty of unprofessional archery. Just people getting stabbed all over the place. - It's just awful. - Outside lane of the M1. Out of the sunroof. Oh! Well, it's like archery jousting but on the M1. Motorway jousting! Like going 70 on the motorway. You've got two cars and two massive boxing gloves. Yes! So, I picked an article that was about that long, thinking, oh there will be some meat to this. I wrote it down on the piece of paper and then a lot of it is about her victories and a lot of scoring and what people from what countries beat her in the Olympics. Let's talk about sonic art then, Gary. What sort of art is being produced here? Obviously sonic, other than, with sound. Yes, yeah, well, some might call it music. Others probably would not, in that one of them was burping into a length of drain pipe. All right, With a lot of reverb and stuff around it and also a-- Do you feel you'd be able to give an impression of what that might be like? Bring me my drain pipe. I haven't brought mine with me. Can I just steal that? - No. - No? Those are non-sonic art... Maybe just resonant like that. [loud burping] I mean, now I have to give her royalties. PRS on this! Yeah, so that and stuff like music that's pitched outside the range of human hearing. That kind of thing. Ah, dog discomfort music. - Basically yes so you-- - Ah, DDM! You've got your EDM, you've got your DDM. They're very different. It's human discomfort, and dog discomfort. Apparently, she had very high, she had a very wide pitch of hearing and would go to other, there was a thing in the article saying she goes to other artists' performances, likewise, at pitches outside the range of human hearing and she'd critique them on their performance because she could hear the edits. Now, up until that very last bit, I was with you Gary. Right? But, the audio engineer in here and the person who edits video in here, both kind of went: "you what?" Well, don't take it up with me, take it up with her. - Chris. - Yes. A skin disorder. A skin disorder and, for double points, a notable example of selection bias. Go on. Evangelina Psarra, Evangelina, to do with evangelism. Originally, when described, thought to afflict only the religious community. - Well. - Ooh. Selection bias, because they were the sort of people that you could go in and study and describe. Where as, everybody else who was wondering around with this, well, not horrendous disease but unpleasant disease, was going, sort of... "uninspected" isn't the word I'm looking for. Isn't receiving the appropriate attention from the medical community of the time. So, it gets described as this thing that specifically affects enclosed, religious communities. Which is, of course, nonsense. It is a boring, normal skin disorder but once you've described something, in science, it retains the name. Oh, Chris, that is excellent. That is either the best line of utter bollocks we've ever done in this format... Or, a very accurate description of having utter bollocks in the religious community. Evangelina Psarra, if it turns out that this is an archer, or a sonic artist, that's just an awful thing to do to their name. God I hope, I hope it's a Sonic artist. I really do. - Yeah, so do I. - So do I. And that was either a really good double bluff or accidentally giving it up. I don't know. I don't, ah, all right. Gary, I'm going to rule you out because I don't think dog discomfort music is going to be a thing. I think you accidentally went into a bit of knowledge that I have about finding the edits and I don't think high frequencies would change that. So, Gary, I don't think it's you. Obviously the correct thing for me to do here is say, Matt, it's a dull article about an archer who's been in few Olympics, because, obviously, that's a name. Because, obviously, that's all true. But. Chris, no I... Chris, I think it's you, am I right? No, it's definitely an archer. Aw! What with all the real facts. Is it the archer? - Yeah. - Oh! I was hoping, I was really hoping. Can I make a point this way? You that bit about someone who can hear the high pitch and the edits? That person does exist. I know them, they are a person who does sonic art. - Really? - Yes. How can... why does being able to hear the high noises change your ability to hear any edits? Because, the piece has been put together from separate parts of high frequency noise and, because it's high frequency noise, there's clunky edits in it all the way through. This is in the days when you were doing it with actual tape rather that waveforms or anything, Oh, so, you just hear the joins. Came up at the end to say, "it's nice but I can hear all the edits". If everyone else can't hear it at all then the person who can hear it can hear the edits. All right. So you, sir, technically wrong twice. Which kind of makes up for the last episode. Matt has gone and got himself a new article. If your wondering why Gary's eyes are suddenly bloodshot and he's teared up, that's because you missed a five minute giggle loop based around a toilet version of British game show Bob's Full House. - Which-- - Which is still not safe. No, it's still not safe. Bob's Full Bogs. That's a better joke. That's, yeah, oh, no, it's just a series of doors! "So, it's going to be, it's going to be the third door from the left, it's..." There's a ker-splash of water from underneath it. You've been wallied. It was Russ Abbot. All you can see of the celebrities are just their shoes and their rolled down trousers. - He's not even a real Abbot. - Let's, let's... You okay, Gary? (I can just see it...!) When they've got the big board at the end, it's just three racks of toilet cubicles, like, Celebrity Squares-style, and they just hold up the, er... trouble is, of course, because it's Celebrity Squares-style there isn't actually any plumbing and it's just, kind of, open to... Audience. (You sound like a choking dog.) In this episode, Gary will be replaced by-- Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I'll be fine, I'll be fine. I hoped you haven't pissed yourself. These seats aren't wipe clean. It's fine, it just goes down over whoever's in the row below. I can't... You've gone the same colour as Tom's t-shirt. Come on. Oh, come on. It's when they've got the Krankies, both in the same cubicle, it all falls apart. Keith Harris and Orville... "I can't go in public!" "You can!" Would you like a tissue? Could I? Thank you. F***. We are... no, he's gone again. Come on, behave. We are talking about the Green Monster. The Green Monster. Gary, I'll give you a minute to compose yourself this time. - Thank you. - Chris, the Green Monster. Is a land speed record car. - Ooh. - Yes. Now, did it ever get the record? Actually I'll come back to you in a minute. All right then. Land speed record car. Gary. Yes? And I ask this tentatively, the Green Monster? It was a 19th century rail engine on the East Coast Main Line. On the ECML. All right, and Matt, the Green Monster? - It's a brand of absinthe. - Okay. We'll start with the absinthe then. We'll not get to the end if we do! What is special about the Green Monster? 'Cause I've heard of the Green Fairy but I've not heard of the Green Monster. It's much bigger. Is it just someone's poured some absinthe into some Monster energy drink? Ah, that would be one hell of a cocktail and you would not sleep for weeks. Spiritus sancti... It's one of those articles, I've forgotten the phrase they put on Wikipedia, the bit on the top that says "this looks more like a sales pitch than an article". Oh, yes. Clearly, the PR company has been involved. It's a load of PR w*** saying "our wormwood is the--" Wormiest. Specially grown, wormiest, strongest-- Woodiest. It occurs to me that I don't know what wormwood is. - I don't either. - It's a herb. I think. Is it a root or a bark or something? Sort of sounds like it ought, to be a root doesn't it? It's MDA, it has hallucinogenic properties. It's biblic... it's mentioned in the bible, as well, is wormwood. - There's a bit... - I've just realised, Gary's not making this up, because it's not his article. No, no! And lo, the Lord did take three fingers of the green and f*** me, the bush was on fire! It's well known cause Reagan quoted it after chapter-- What, in the bible? I think even in the Tea Party's most conservative dreams, - Reagan is not in the bible. - No, but he was in the film. - What, of the bible? - Yes, a film of the bible. All right, so brand of absinthe with a higher ABV and a lot of PR guff about it. Yeah. All right, Gary, it's a 19th century railway engine on the East Coast Main Line. Now... you okay there? What's... oh! It's the toilet-based Bob's Full House. It was called, in our little reverie just then, "Bob's Full Bogs". And not "Bog's Full House", which it really should have been! Yeah, but Bob would never allow it to not have his name in it, would he? That's true, that's true. - Anyway, so it's-- - "Bog Outhouse." Wooh, anyway, so the rail engine is the Stirling Single, which is in the National Railway Museum. I believe. Or one of 'em. It's the one that you look at, it is green and-- Well, it would be. But it's got a big wheel in the middle. So, rather than have, its driving wheel-- That's not where you normally put wheels on. There normally on the-- - Well, it's on the outside. - The outside. Lengthwise, mate. Yeah, yeah. You mean, like, steering wheel? Cause that's not how trains work. No, I mean the big one that goes round and round - with the pumpy things on it. - Oh, my. So the driving wheel is a big central wheel. About 11 foot. I don't know how steam trains work. F***in' Jesus! Steam makes thing go like that. It's connected to a wheel that goes like that. Right, so, to try and get more traction, 'cause the whole thing is getting up to a higher speed. Which is what you're looking for. The driving wheel was a big middle wheel, about 11 foot high. Right. Okay. It was quite fast and it was pretty smooth and it actually did quite well. It was one of the first big successful high-speed, long-distance engines. Was it the penny-farthing of trains? Pretty much. Only it hasn't got a Victorian gent wobbling atop it. Well, it probably did, actually. Not wobbling though. Oh, yeah, no just stood resolutely. All right, sorry mate. - Not like, "whoa...!" - "Oh! Bloody hell!" It was known as the Green Monster, it was big, it was fast, it made a lot of noise and, you know, you got flames and smoke coming out of it. All right. Chris, the Green Monster, the land speed record car. Green Monster is a land speed record car built somewhere in America by a guy called Art Arfons. It was one of the first jet cars... Sorry, that's just the Yorkshire version of Happy Days. Our Fonz! It's our Fonz, that! Ey! Sit on it. - Art Arfons. - Art Arfons. What else have I told you? It's the land speed record, it was built in America, by Art Arfons sometime in the early 60's. Held the record three times and was eventually beaten by somebody else. - That's fine. - And it wasn't green. - It wasn't green? - It was red and blue. Do we know why or was that just because America? Because it was red and blue, 'cause the article said it wasn't green, it was red and blue. This is genuinely difficult. You say this almost every time. No, no, 'cause last time, last time it was like, I mean... I've been getting it right. Earlier one it was like, it should be Matt, it should be Matt. I'm going to go with Chris on the guess. But, in this case, I have, genuinely, no idea. Gary, I think that's just a different train that you've applied the name Green Monster to. I don't think it's Mallard, but it's something like that 'cause you know your railway history. I think you've just gone Green Monster, so I don't think it's you. Matt, I'm tempted by that but the thing that's convinced me, Chris, is Art Arfons. Which feels like a name you wouldn't pull from somewhere. You'd have to pull it from a very specific place. Yes, it would have to be someone else. So, Chris, I think it's the speed record car. Am I right? - You are absolutely right. - Yes! Built 1960-61 after he broke up, after the speed racing partnership broke up with his brother, had a J79 out of an F104 taken from a junkyard. Got hold of the manuals, despite the government intervening and saying "that is still classified, you can't have it," balanced the engine not by getting spare parts but by pulling parts out of it, tested it by strapping it to trees in his yard, strapped it into a car and, eventually, did 594 miles an hour. - Good God! - Two ways in 1964. - S***. - Good heavens! And I only had to faintly check the article on that one. Funnily enough! Chris, congratulations, that's a point to you. That's two points to you, isn't it? You got a point for the other one as well. - Suck it! - You win! Like it matters! It doesn't matter that I win, it matters that you lost. Well, that where we're cutting that.
I was going to say, is it like of those onesies that's for two people, so is it a twosie, but without the bottom bit so it's… Oh, what, like a two, like a… A two person jumper with two head holes? A tumper. -But only two arm holes. -Yeah, two head holes. No, one head hole, two arm holes. No, two head holes, two arm holes. Yeah, one head hole, two arm holes is a sweater, Gary. That's just a regular… that's just a regular sweater. Is it some high school American pledge ring Valentine's Day nonsense, that is also, I don't know, connected with a spree of murders, so it ends up with the word curse appended? No, but you've just invented a great horror film there. -It's like the... -Or a Goosebumps book! It's like the Sisterhood of the Travelling Plant… Travelling plants! -Triffids! -Triffids! I knew the minute that was out of my mouth, I wasn't going to get to correct myself there. No. I've never understood this desire to make the fabric, when there's perfectly good whole cloth and sewing machines. You sound like some kind of business owner of the 19th century. "Why must we weave these things?" I'm a fine 19th century seamstress, I'll have you know. I can just imagine you coming up with someone knitting, 'What's that s***? Here!' It's two bits of material, brrum, brrum, chop, poncho, done. "For this we have machines. Next." Do you like my poncho description there? Brrum, brrum, chop. It's two seams and a hole. It's true though. You don't need to cut the material other than the hole. Yeah, you only need to cut the material once. I'm still talking about ponchos! Nobody help him. For the fickle lover, the poncho curse. Is that the one night stand equivalent? "I made you a ponch..." Oh, you f***ed off. I thought you said pickle. Pickle! What? I know, that's why I'm sat here going… -I mean... -"For the pickle lover." An onion sized poncho. -Like a little gherkin with a poncho on it... -A gherkin can't wear a poncho, it's got no shoulders. It'd just shoot straight through the middle. "You ungrateful f***!" You'd have to make it an umbrella. Alright, or a full height but stiff poncho. So the bottom corners sit on the ground and then the head's just pokingup... A tent? Yes! -No, no. -Pickle tents. "Darling, I made you a pickle tent, finally we can be briny lovers!" Bloody cornichons, they always leave you. That's like my first law of everything, which is don't be a knob. That's basically 'do unto others'. Yeah, yeah, it's don't be a knob, you're going to claim expenses? Don't be a knob, you'll be fine. Going to travel... Going to travel first class? don't be a knob in there. It just works. Don't be a knob. -Don't. -And if you are a knob, stop it. Yeah, you. -No, not you, you. -You. You. -You, Nigel. -We see you. I don't actually know anyone called Nigel. Three people who are called Nigel just... One of which is Farage and he has a massive change after this. Oh, yeah, you think Farage watches this? He f***ing might as well. The wheel spins and lands on France. Charming image of aliens from Dr Who, knitting. Cybermen have their own kind of attachment. -Yes. -No, that's just a loom. That's just, yeah, both arms are there. What else do you do on long space journeys, knit each other jumpers? And then in the end when they land and try and take over, they've all fallen out with each other already. "This does not suit me. "How can this not fit, we are all the same size and shape." "We have four arms, why have you knitted only two?" "Why are they both on this side?" "Who else are you seeing, Janet?" You could use a Dalek as the spindle thing, the... "I cannot feel I am subjective in this relationship."
In 1792, a chemist named Gadolin received a sample of a mysterious black rock from this now-closed Swedish mine. It was far too heavy to be coal: it was called ytterbite, after Ytterby, the nearby town. Nowadays, we understand the basics of chemistry. We've named all the natural elements and we've made our own. But back then, it wasn't just that there were gaps in the periodic table, it's that there wasn't a periodic table at all. Heck, when Gadolin was given the rock from this mine, Lavoisier, known as the father of chemistry, had only just published the paper setting forward the theory of elements: and even he speculated that those elements might include light and "caloric", an invisible fluid that explained how heat worked. It was plausible at the time. The way to work out whether something was a new element was basically: do stuff to it and see what happened. Which is still the technique today, it's just that "do stuff to it" is now defined as "smash atoms together in a particle accelerator and track the bits of radiation given out as the results decay". For centuries, though, it was things like "heat stuff up and see what wavelengths of light come out" or "put different voltages of electricity through it and see how the current changes". The big problem was that the samples that those chemists were working with weren't anything close to pure, and they couldn't know how to purify something that hadn't been discovered yet. So they had to work out: was that a new element that they were looking at, or just a combination of known ones? So papers were published that turned out later to be completely wrong, and were corrected by others: which is great, because that's how science works, but it also means that a lot of people and places that might have had elements named after them were disappointed. Canada, Norway, Russia, unlucky. Here, though? Ah, there were discoveries to be made. Through the 19th century, Gadolin and other chemists found that the black rocks from this mine had not one, but four new elements that were completely unknown to science. And they were all named after here: yttrium, terbium, erbium, and ytterbium, making this small town in Sweden the only place in the world with four elements named after it.
I'm with tef, who is going to tell you something you might not know about origami. Tef, take it away. I'd like to tell you about a piece of origami, that's in space. Now, space satellites, they have solar panels and solar panels need to unfold. You might imagine a piece of paper slowly unfolding. Unfortunately, to unfold most solar panels, you need two motors. One to pull it this way, and one to pull it up this way. But, Japanese astrophysicists realised that you could probably do it with one motor instead, and what he came up with was this. He could take a solar panel and unfold it with one motor all the way out. Not only that, he can also fold it all the way back in. How this actually works is, you fold the piece of paper into fifths, like so, admittedly I am making it look easy, and then what you do, is you fold it over repeatedly, almost making a snake all the way up such that there's a a little bit of an angle all the way up. But what this means is that this piece of paper can fold down far more compactly and far more quickly than your traditional folding. Now this actual fold is called the Miura fold and it's also used outside of solar panels. It's actually been recently tested with lithium ion batteries because it folds down so compactly it improves the energy density. But that's not the reason why I love this. Not because it's gone into space but because it works so well for maps. You can take a map out of your pocket, instantly unfold it, see exactly where you are, and instantly fold it back up again. And no other fold, I know for maps, can do this thing. So despite being an amazing piece of origami that's gone into space, it's actually the most useful piece of origami I know down here on earth. [Subtitles: GC Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is The Technical Difficulties, and we are playing Two of These People are Lying because two of these people will be. -Chris Joel. -Hello! Gary Brannan. "Good pint o' gravy of an evening sets you up for a night." And Matt Gray. And seeing as I can't follow that up, I'll just explain what's going on. The three of us have each looked up a different Wikipedia article on our phones, I like how you both drank at the same time there. "Two bodies, one brain!" We've written down the title of each article on a piece of paper that's down there. Tom is going to pick one of those pieces of paper and try and guess which one of us is telling the truth. The other two, as we haven't read the article, are going to be talking s***. All I have to do is work out which two of these people are lying and we are talking about... Johnstone's Robin. Johnstone's Robin or... I think that's Johnstone, that's not "John Stone's". Johnstone's Robin. Gary, why don't you start this time? Johnstone's Robin is named after a… well, for want of a better word, a play? A manoeuvre? In cricketing circles in the 1890s. It was done by Robin Jenkins who played for Gloucestershire and it's a manoeuvre where one fools the batting side by pretending to make some kind of catch. So to put off a batsman, you would do Johnstone's Robin, which is a fake move in a cricket field. Just to be clear, you're saying that Johnstone's Robin was named after... Robin? Yes? -Right, let me just say... -F***ing burn! that kind of s*** did you really well first time, didn't it? And second time. So you discount away 'cos both times you've done that, ya been wrong. It's alright, Tom, he wasn't finished. He was just starting. -Sorry. -If you want me to carry on, because the robin part is named after the hopping manoeuvre that was involved. You said it was named after Robin. Because it's a funny name because you've got robin-bird and Robin as a person, people are trying to be funny. People are known to do that, I mean look at us f***ers trying. Do you want to run me through the causation? The manoeuvre? No, not manoeuvre, just run me through what you said. -I can't remember. -Okay. Chris. I wasn't there, Your Honour. You would have to consult my lawyer. Yes. Chris, Johnstone's Robin. Johnstone's Robin, I'm afraid this is a stub so you’re not going to get a lot, is a trig point just north of Bamford in the Hope Valley in the Peak District 210 metres on an unremarkable little knoll as it rises up the valley side to the actual high trig points along the top. So trig points, just for those who don't know, they're navigation pillars. Yeah, so you put them on high places so you can put your, what's it called? Angle measuring device! Angle measuring gubbins in it and it lets you map out the local topography. They're usually on very high places, but sometimes to map out a lower area it'll go on something lower, and that's what Johnston… well the little hillocl is Johnstone's Robin but there's now a trig point at 210-and-change meters. That is an entirely plausible Wikipedia stub. Matt, Johnstone's Robin. It's a robin, a type of bird, it lives in Taiwan and for everything that I could see in the article, it's not actually named after someone called Johnston, I could find no evidence. A lot of stuff gets named in honour, doesn't it? Yes. Because, like, there's butterflies called "Attenboroughncii" and things like that. The article didn’t mention this. It is called whatever the phrase... It sounds like you've repeated the article verbatim there, like, "it's a f***ing robin". Alright Wikipedia, alright. Once again, I can't remember the Latin word for robin but it was Robin Johnstoniae. Robinious. I always love that there is a bird, and I think it's the blackbird is Turdus Turdus. Yes, it is Turdus Turdus, yeah. S***ty S***ty. I like that. Oh, that's a difficult choice, I mean, I kind of just want to come back to the cricket manoeuvre. Fair. Not because I think it's right, I just want to hear you continuing to try and lie about this. Can I say, continue to try and lie on the first one we did, which worked out grand. -It did, it did. -Yeah. Can you describe the cricket manoeuvre? Cricket manoeuvre, obviously you have a bowler coming in of which when it is now illegal, in the rules of cricket, to do a deceptive manoeuvre. You cannot pretend… -Well, no, you cannot pretend to run… -It's just not cricket. It's not! You cannot pretend to run over here when the ball is going over here, okay, so you have to be honest in the field. This was the start of that kind of, for want of a name, horses****ery, okay, when… Gary Brannan stands for unfair cricket. Well, it is… No, no, no, distracting the batsman, is horse s****ery, let's face it, it's bulls***, you can't do that, right. In this, the manoeuvre was someone would perform a hopping manoeuvre deep in the field to make someone go, "F***? What is that?" What, it's literally on one leg hopping? Well, I... wa... the story goes it was in the way of tying a boot or something like that, like, you know, you might pull one leg up because your shoelace has come a bit loose, try and tie it, hopping around, dicking around in the field, trying to distract the batsman, therefore he gets halfway down his run, looks over, realises... -Oh, f***, he's on the ball, when it's actually over there. -Yeah. It's actually over there, which has obviously gone quite short, bails whipped off, massive argument on field and which leads to the point not long after that doing a deceptive manoeuvre in the field to distract a batsman while in play is in fact illegal and not within the spirit nor the laws of the game. And is known as a Johnstone's Robin? -Correct, as the hopping manoeuvre. I admire how well you have pulled that back from the edge. Can I say, can we get those six eggs from over there ready to slash them on your face later on. I'm going to level with you, Gary, if it turns out that this is true, I feel like you, you deliberately… I've got a frightful shade of déjà vu here. I almost feel like you deliberately screwed up the introduction to say it was named after Robin. Hmm, it's almost like a deceptive manoeuvre someone would play in a game where we're trying to disguise who may be lying. What kind of man would do that, I ask you? -I have another fact about the bird. -Ooh. Shall I tell you the name of the person who discovered it? -Yes. -William Robert Ogilvy Grant. -Oh yes. -That is a proper name. There is no Johnstone in that at all, yet it is still called Robinus Johnstonii. Oh, Matt. Also, if a name was ever going to be real, it'd be that one. -Yeah. -It's got some weight behind it. That's either… That's either a genuine name or it's just a name that Matt has plucked from somewhere else. That took a lot of plucking. And so does a Johnstone's Robin. -A normal robin size. -Robin size! Gary, I don't think it's you, I think you're lying because I just think there was too much… -You've got an untrustworthy face. -Too much messing about at the start, -Chris. -Hello. I think that's just literally somewhere you know in… was it Peak District or Lake? Peak District. I think that's literally just somewhere you know in the Peak District that you've given a different name to. Matt, I believe you, am I right? You think that William Robert Ogilvy Grant is a real person? -Yeah, go on. -Yeah, you're right. Yes! Hey! That was a point to Matt and finally a point to me. That won't stand. The best thing is that I didn't use the exact title of the article, I used the bird's other name, because I wanted to lead on to the fact that it's also called the coloured bush robin. But I couldn't remember what its funny name was throughout the entirety of that, because if I'd have said "bush robin", you'd have gone straight over that side of the table. -Alright, Matt... -Only the truth hurts. you should go and pick a new article, we'll be back in a moment. Right, Matt has gone and found a new article, there are three still under here and I am told that they have been written in each other's handwriting now, so I can't get any clues from that. So... Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun... Ageratina Occidentalis, Agerantina,.. You know what, the first thing I'm going to do is ask each of you to pronounce that, -Chris. -Agerantina Occidentalis. Gary. Ageratina Occidentalis. Chris, what is... that? You don't want it, let's put it that way. Okay? How gauche should I be? Gary. It was a form of ecclesiastical censure pre-reformation. I'm just throwing in long words in to see if you can write them down. I know. Pre-reformation, that seems to be very much in your wheelhouse but then you would have picked something in your wheelhouse. 'Ecumenical matter...' Matt. It is a flowering plant with triangular glandular leaves. -Ohh! -Ohh! "Triangular glandular leaves." Matt. Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt. Glandular? If you had not said the word 'glandular', that would have been entirely convincing. We’ll come back to that. Chris, why would I not want Agerantina… -Ageratina… Ageratina actually. -Occidental. Ageratina Occi, why would I not want that? It is a minor bowel disorder with everything that you imagine comes with that. Yeah. I say minor, but long term, it's not something that goes away quickly, caused by the accidental ingestion of a bacteria that lives in soil so it's accidental food contamination generally in less developed nations. Right, that's entirely plausible and I can't think of anything funny to say about that. I love that he always comes to me and I always get exactly the same line, 'That is entirely plausible.' Gary, ecclesiastical censure pre-reformation, how would the ecclesiastical be censured? Well, it's one step short of the full excommunication. Can I ask a question quickly? -Yeah. -What was the second word after ecclesiastical? -Censure. -And what does that mean? -That means telling someone off. -Does it? Yeah. You're told off in a serious and formal and recorded fashion, so aye. Yeah, you're right, well, of course I'm going to pick an article that sits in my interest so I can bloody well remember it, as I did so well last time in remembering the non-content of what I was talking about. And also, yeah, it's one step short of the full excommunication where you would, bell, book and candle, and told to get out of life basically and not come back. So this is one which is, if you like, the final warning in which people will be forced to parade around the parish church of where they live wearing only a sheet. Parade around the parish. Parade around the parish church wearing naught but a sheet so everyone knew they had been dead naughty and that. Like a ghost? Well, you would look a bit like a ghost. I thought you meant naughty like a ghost. That's a song, isn't it? "George, you stand charged of drifting into Mrs Mason's bathroom." "Yes, your honour, I... 'drifted'. Mmm." "Generally hanging around under a sheet." Yeah, yeah, so yeah, no. That’s what Ageratina Occidentalis is and the Occidentalis relates to the direction one would have to move around the church. -Which direction would that be? -Easterly. Oh, easterly around the church? You'd set off in an easterly direction because that's towards where Jerusalem is and where the most religious end of a church is which is in the...? -East. -Thank you. Oh, I know … I know … I know Christian churches point east. Yes. -Well, most do, not all of them. -Yeah. Oh go on, just put a bloody line through it in your ever so cocky fashion. Matt, it's a flowering plant with triangular glandular leaves. What do you mean by glandular leaves? -Now, just because I read an article… -That's a good point. …it doesn't mean I know what any of it means, and… but it sounds like this is a joke article, like people seem to like defacing Wikipedia, which I think is a terrible idea really. But it had that phrase. Before it got onto the details of the leaves it said it was in the daisy family -Aww. And it was also known as western snakeroot. -Oh, so you know how the last… -And it can be found flowering in Utah. The last detail of yours there, Gary, essentially went, oh, this is plausible, this is... oh no. You see I was all like, this is, this is not a thing… this is not a thing, and then you came up with "western snakeroot". It's a good name. It's a really good name, that's a really believable name. Yes, because it doesn't sound glandular in the slightest. If it turns out you've misread the phrase granular or something like that, I will be deeply, deeply upset. So close to being a genuine, real-life dickweed. There is nothing here that I can immediately rule someone out on. -You've done well. -He done well! He has spirit, this one. -Gary. -Here we go. I recognise that you're an expert in the subject, I think it may have been the first thing that went to your head when you saw something with that sort of Latin, and I think occidentalis came in a little bit too late. So I'm going to throw that off, also… At least he waited! Unfortunately, I have also just realised that "occidentalis" does not mean eastern, that would be the orient, the occident is the west. Hmm. wWich means I'm going to rule you out because the odds, Matt, of you, who usually uses the phrase "left and right" for west and east, knowing that occidental works with western snakeroot, Matt, I believe you, am I right? Firstly, f*** you, I knew occidental meant west. Can we just use the phrase "GCSE in Latin"? Oh yeah! -Every time. Every time. And yes, it was me. Yes! So that is two points this show to Matt, two points to me and a deep apology for forgetting your Latin GCSE. "Ageratina Occidentalis is a rhizomatous perennial herb "growing fuzzy green or purple stems. "The glandular leaves are triangular with serrated edges." What's a glandular leaf then? I don't know, I'm pressing glandular on it. It'll be a leaf that serves some function the way a gland does. "A gland is defined functionally as a plant structure which secretes one or more products." Urrgh. "This may be located on or near the plant surface and secrete externally, "or be internal to the plant and secrete into a canal or reservoir." Oh, it's like a fly trappy thing then. Matt, two points, congratulations, I think we get a joint victory on this, through mostly random chance of whose articles I picked. Yay! I haven't got an outro, join us next time. -Bye! -Bye! Fade to black.
I'm at Platform 9¾, the actual Platform 9¾ in King's Cross Station. Well, I say actual. Obviously, there isn't an actual one. It's fictional. And when JK Rowling wrote the book, she was actually thinking about Euston, which is over there. But here is the thing you might not know: The people from the Harry Potter shop -- just around the corner, there is two of them just there -- Wave guys! Folks from the Harry Potter shop have put a proper Kings Cross luggage trolley here, halved, disappearing into the wall. Lots of people know about this but what you might not know is that the platform is currently in the wrong place: Because over there is Platform 8 and over there is Platform 9, which means that this should be 8¾. This isn't just, however, the convenient place to put it. Kings Cross currently has a Platform 0, which means that eventually after they're done with all the redevelopment Problem 0 will get renumbered: It will become Platform 1. 1 will become 2, 2 will become 3, 8 will become 9, 9 will become 10. And Platform 9¾ will finally be in the correct place and that is something you might not know. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is one of the Personal Rapid Transit pods at London's Heathrow Airport. It'll take you from one of the car parks to Terminal 5, and from Terminal 5 to one of the car parks. And that's about it. When it was installed in 2011, oh, this was going to be the future of transport. But it hasn't really worked out that way. And more than that: they got beaten to the punch by 35 years. Because in 1975, West Virginia University opened this: their own Personal Rapid Transit system. The pods here in the city of Morgantown might not be quite as sleek and rounded... but there's 70 of them, they carry more people, and they go to five stations along an eight-mile track. This really is personal transit: you push a button, and a car arrives to take you where you want to go, non-stop. At peak times, there'll be a car along every few minutes for each separate destination. PRT never shuts down. We have run 40 years without any major incident. 10 inches of snow and we’ll be fine. That’s because we had a heated track here. Kids don’t like it because we keep the school open! There are no variables; if I’m going from point A to point B, if it’s eight minutes, it is eight minutes. Back in the 1970s, the only option for getting students between all the separate university campuses here was a fleet of buses. But Morgantown is a city with steep hills and narrow roads, so the result was gridlock. And at the time, American politicians were actually having a bit of a craze for systems like this. Richard Nixon announced that there was development money available, and West Virginia senator Robert Byrd, who was famous in part for just how much money he managed to bring back to his own state, he managed to get Morgantown selected as the testing site. The Boeing Company, and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, were involved with getting the system to work. The system, right now, can carry well over 4000 passengers an hour. Every vehicle, when it departs station, has a route. Every time an assigned vehicle moves over a presence detector, that location is monitored by the station electronics which then conveys that message back to the central control room, and then that message is depicted by the mimic board in central control. And each one of those blinking lights represents a presence detector, but it also represents five seconds of travel time. In the train world, all the switching is done on the track. So the track physically moves to orient a vehicle down a different pathway on a different rail line. In our system, the vehicle switches on board. The result of all that 1970s engineering... well, it was massively over-budget and a little rough around the edges to start, but that happens with prototypes. The important part was: it worked. And it worked well enough to be expanded and kept updated into the 21st century. Well, one of the problems we are having today is with obsolescence of parts for the vehicle, as well for the electronics for the system. And back in the 70s, the Minuteman missile system was the basis for the design of the electronics for the system. And there’s a company called Thales, and they are here on site now upgrading the electronics and the software for the system. The old system uses a little bit different technology to run cars up and down the guideway. The cars do not know where they’re located out on the guideway. In the new system, the Thales system, they will know where they’re at. So that’s a big help when you’re trying to ask a car where it’s at! The technical manual for the system is online on WVU's web site, and it is 1970s engineering genius. Just like the pods at Heathrow decades later, this was going to be the future of travel. So why wasn’t it? Why aren't systems like this everywhere? Well, in most cases you can do almost everything that this can with regular light rail with less upfront cost and less political risk. Sure, the PRT is a bit faster and a bit more efficient, and it's a bit more pleasant to ride, because every journey is non-stop -- but the rest of the world went with cheaper, simpler systems... just with much less charm. It’s the spine of our transportation network. It is also an icon for this institution. We do have some challenges, but we have an excellent crew, a dedicated, passionate crew that just finds a way to make the system work and keep going. It’s that little engine that could. Thank you to everyone at the Morgantown PRT and West Virginia University. Pull down the description for more links about them, and about the college!
This is Notre-Dame in Paris, one of the most famous sights in the city. But I'm not here for the view from the top or for the flying buttresses, or even for religion. I'm here for something just outside it. If you look down from the top and stand just outside the main entrance, you will find a marker on the floor called Point Zero. Point Zero is the place from which all distances in France are measured from. Now, I'm filming all the way out here, by the way, because once one person starts taking video of it, it starts to attract tourists in the same way that artisanal French bread attracts pigeons. That's a visual metaphor for you there. France isn't the only country with a Point Zero; a lot of countries in the developed world have them. There'll be a marker or a monument somewhere in the capital city that says "this is where the numbering starts from". The UK though... ...uh, no, we don't have one, neither does the US. I mean, the UK does have Charing Cross in London, but only some roads are measured from there. And the US, well, you do have a marker in Washington, D.C., but, well, no one uses it for anything. Most US states restart their numbering when a road enters their territory. And, here in Paris, though, you have a marker that isn't really used anymore in these days of GPS and satellites. But what you have is a relic of a past time, a marker that simply says "this is where we started from". This is back when we had all the triangulation and manual calculations needed to actually map something, back when it was longhand. This is where it all began. That's Point Zero and that is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add you name here!]
Here, below London, 32km of new tunnels are nearly finished. But these aren't for people: they're for power. Cables carrying 400,000 volts will run through here, supporting the city as it keeps growing and keeps demanding more and more electricity. This project cost a billion pounds, all to keep the lights on. So how did we get to this? Back in the 1920s, electricity was generated by hundreds of small companies in towns and cities across the country. They were all different and mostly incompatible: London alone had 24 voltages and 10 frequencies. So if you moved to the next street over, you might have to replace all your light bulbs. If you had any light bulbs, that is: the cost of electricity was out of reach of nearly everyone. Now the answer might have been to do what other countries in Europe were doing: set up and enforce standards, regulate prices, maybe even nationalise the power companies. And bring the price down for everyone -- people and business. Good plan in theory, but the trouble was that the Prime Minister at the time was Stanley Baldwin, and he led the Conservative party. Politically, he couldn't just assume control of private corporations! That was socialist. That was something that the Other Side did. So the solution was a very clever and very British compromise: the National Gridiron, later just National Grid. The Central Electricity Board, backed up by the government and run privately, would construct and own the central infrastructure. It would build a network of transmission lines sweeping across the country. The Grid would reduce the risk for the private generating companies and let them reach a much, much, larger market. If they wanted to connect and reach everyone, they had to meet the Grid's standards for frequency, for voltage, and for reliability. The greatest story I found while I was researching this is that originally, there were six separate grid areas spread all around the country, all run individually. It was judged too risky by their managers to actually connect them all into one National Grid. But it was theoretically possible. Sometimes two or maybe even three of those grid areas were connected to help out if one power station somewhere went down. So on the night of 29th October, 1937, without any permission, the engineers in the control rooms quietly decided to connect the whole country together for an hour or two and see what would happen. And it worked. And a year later, even their managers agreed: it was the only way to make sure the lights stayed on everywhere. And so while the level of regulation, and the level of privatisation, has changed over the years -- as it has in pretty much every country in the world -- and while the technology has developed to the point that instead of laying transmission lines, we are now in billion-pound tunnelling projects 60m under London, that mostly-private grid is what we still have today. It's listed on the London Stock Exchange. If history had turned out differently, perhaps this tunnel would have been a government operation: but even if it was, we'd have still needed this to keep the lights on. Thank you very much to the National Grid and all the folks who've helped bring me down to the Power Tunnels, along with Geoff from Londonist, who's done a video about these tunnels themselves and all the infrastructure around me. Go check that out on his channel! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Right now, I am putting myself at risk of being sued. Why? Well, I'm filming in public, in Paris, in France. And French privacy law is some of the strictest and worst-defined in the world. See, it's been built over years, not by lawmakers, but by judges and case law. And what it means is this: just having someone identifiable in the back of my shot, even if I then don't publish it, might be grounds for someone to sue me. Or, maybe it won't. It's unclear. There are cases that have gone both ways. Maybe I should blur anyone's face who's even remotely in the back of shot, or maybe I shouldn't. It's still unclear. Maybe, if there's any modern architecture in the back of the shot, I should blur it out because that's copyrighted. Or, maybe under some other cases, it isn't. One thing has been clear though: I can take a photo of the Eiffel Tower in daytime, and it's fine, it's not under copyright any more. But, if I take a photo at night, the lighting design on it - that is copyrighted. And so, I'd need a license before I were to publish that online. To make matters even more complicated, I am British, and I'll be publishing this when I'm in Britain, to YouTube which is an American company, which has an office in France. It would be a complete mess. Maybe I'd win if someone brought a case against me, maybe I wouldn't. But, either way, there'd be a long and costly legal battle. British law has a reasonable expectation of privacy in your own home, or in a private place but in public, if you're filmed, there's not much you can do about it. American law is much the same based on their First Amendment, and their very strong freedom of speech laws. But here? Well, France puts the power very much in the individual and their right to privacy over my right to film them. Maybe that's right. Maybe that's wrong. And, as for all these tourists around here taking photos, well... let's hope nobody sues them. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] Bye bye, Duggan!
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel. [mumbles] I've got something in my teeth. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. Insert power cable here. Where? Oh, you know. You committed to that. I didn't think you 'd go for that one. I didn't think you'd go right in it. Urgh! And the bounciest man on the Internet, Matt Gray. Bienvenue, YouTube! In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [ding]. And there's a special prize for a particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about Project Cybersyn. Oh! Oh...! Oh... There are many cyber sins. Is it a campaign by the Church of England to absolve robots of their sins? No, and it is spelt S Y N. Oh come on! This is a novel or something. Nope. This is entirely real. But I'll admit it sounds a little bit science fictiony. So is it sin or synthetic? It's an abbreviation of something. I'll give you one point for that [ding]. Ah, synergy... Point! [ding] Wahey, uh-huh! It is indeed a portmanteau of cybernetics and synergy. Is it a government policy somewhere? Ooh! Yes, have a point [ding]. Does anyone want to guess where in the world... AMERICA! Which bit? [bad Southern US accent] The South. Now... if I said the... Whatever the answer was correct, is the one I meant. Yes Gary, have a point. It's in South America. [ding] Yea! Chile. No, I'm fine, I've got a jumper on. I deliberately didn't pronounce it 'chilly', just so you wouldn't do that joke. Sod it! It's happening anyway. Deal with it. I say, to be fair, all that did was to make you sound really pretentious. Yes. [Posh accent] Chile. [Posh accent] Chile, I think you will find it's pronounced. I think you'll find it's pronounced "CHYLE". That's what Jimi Hendrix says. That's what we does. It's not Voodoo Chilli. Or maybe it should be that. [Posh accent] It's Voodoo Chilé. [Posh accent] Voodoo Chilé? [Posh accent] Voodoo Chilé. You know it's one of those sleeveless jackets. But you become a zombie when you put it on. A voodoo gilet! I'm so puffy and warm and... BRAINS! Chile is the far left of bottom America, right? It is. For most of the way down. Bottom America! Far left of bottom America. You navigate like I do. It's the long one, isn't it? Yes. It's the long thin one that goes all the way down one side. We went to school you know. About when are we talking about? When would you expect to see... Lunch time! 2:30! Two men swinging at the same ball there, eh? It's like one of those out takes from a baseball game, where you see two people running for the same ball. What decade... would you expect to hear Project Cybersyn? -- If this isn't '80s, I am disappointed. -- 70s? You're going to be disappointed, it's the '70s. Have a point, Matt [ding] Are we making South American robots? 1971 to 1973. Is that when they took over and killed everyone? No... South America in that era. That's a dubious joke to be making. That's what ended Project Cybersyn, was a military coup that destroyed the control room. So yes... but(!) It was a military [pigeon noise] Military coo... Pigeons are coming! Release the robots! Sir, the robots aren't finished. The pigeons are pecking them to pieces! Oh, what a world! Sir. The robots... ...ARE pigeons. [Pigeon coos] -- Oh my god! I can't take my glasses off, I'm wearing contacts. [Pigeon coos] [Robotic buzz] My God! [Robotic buzz] [Pigeon coos] [Quietly] I don't like this. What I'd like in a robot pigeon is two things. One, someone would have to spend ages perfecting that pigeon walk... so that their heads go back and forwards at the same speed they walk still. That's easy. You just put another linkage across their of their neck and have it link to the back of their forehead. That's a modern gyro that's got to try and not compensate for that. And the other is, they'll still make it so they pick up cigarette butts. Every pigeon in the square, moving in unison. Aargh! That would be creepy. Oh, we've gone too far now. Laser eyes. Yeah, natch. Obviously. They can't hold one, they've got wings dammit! It's not going to flap its wings to fly. It's going to have a rocket up its bum. For those of you just tuning in, Project Cybersyn... is not robot pigeons. I can just see a whole Trafalgar Square of pigeons... just stopping, wings extending and just them all launching upwards... in synergy. Now that's a beaut... compared to them all turning round to look at you in synergy, that's a beautiful image. Project Cybersyn... gentlemen. Robot pigeons, wasn't it? Robot, rocket-arsed pigeons. We've confirmed this already, Tom. Chile. 1970s... early 1970s as well. Was it a public computing project? Ooh! You can have a point [ding]. But what do you mean by public? A terminal in a cafe for someone -- for everyone to use. No. Not quite. One of these state sponsored, productivity drives, that is going to put robots in factories. To make things more efficient. Yeah, you keep doing this... 'Is it a state sponsored productivity... robots... in that...' No.... no. State sponsored. You know I will give you a point. State sponsored productivity [ding]. Because, you know, socialist government then. What were they trying to do? Get everyone computing? Teach computer literacy? Yeah, but that's too early. That's '70s. Way too early. The thing then was all about improving productivity in workplaces... because that's where places ended up with, like, robotic shop floors and stuff. So is it to do with shipping and transport and integrated movement of goods and stuff like that? Yes! Have a point [ding] Databases isn't it? And you have a point as well [ding]. It was an attempt to plan the economy of Chile.... Using one massive computer system. Now! As this had a very short period of time working. Do I assume it wasn't entirely successful? And everyone ended up burning down? No, it did actually have a bit of success. Did it declare humans as 'no longer essential'? No, they managed to switch it on. To look at the errors in the code. The screen flashes 'you're better off with a coup'. I know nothing about the politicals here. I don't know if that's even appropriate. "We've turned it on and all the screen says is 'Death!'" All the state-run factories were given a computer terminal where they typed all their details of what was happening. And that got fed back to...? The president's office. The mainframe. A fellow in very small glasses with a slide rule. Matt's closer [ding]. America! No. It was a central control room in Chile. Complete with, what? Coffee machine? Toilets? There was a lot of manu... If this was the '70s, a strike! I'll tell you what, have a point [ding]. It helped deal with striking truck workers. By killing them? No. By... No. "Computer, what is our solution?" "It just says 'Death!' again." "Whatever I press!" Striking truck drivers blocked all the access streets going to the capital. But they were able to work out what routes were free. What factories still had some workers that could send things out. And they used this central computer for it. Oh, it had Google Maps? Not really back then? No! Bing! Oh God! "Ah! I see you want to visit... the centre of the Atlantic Ocean." "Here is a picture of France." Thanks Bing! Thanks Bing! Bing would be so much better if it was voiced by Bing Crosby. "So, I see you wanna find out more 'bout York in England do you...?" "Well son, here you go." Except it's Bing, So you'd just be given a map of the New York tube system. "Son, why d'ya wanna go anywhere else?" "Ah sir, that's all ya need to know about York... uh... you're not there." "Swell game, fellas." What did the central planning office have for the seven people, that were sat around... Seats? Super cool, lean back consoles with many screens and... I'm going to give you the point [ding]. They had... This is the '70s, whirling tape and lights, surely? Oh yeah! There we go. 1970s, Star Trek, science fiction style, command console chairs for the seven people who took all this information and made the decisions. A sign on the toilet, saying 'Captain's Log'. Aww... Which was fine, apart from the chaps in the very short dresses. Oh yeah! -- I'm thinking Star Trek uniforms here. -- Yeah. Early Next Generation Star Trek had gender neutral uniforms that were basically short dresses, down to about... I believe they were called skants. Skants. Yes. I thought that sounds like a crisp based snack. Skant! -- Skants! -- New Skants! You open the bag -- there's not much in. Buy them today... BECAUSE THE COMPUTER TOLD YOU! Buy them or face the Pigeons! You know in history, there are these people who have these grand dreams of socialist planning and computers that are never made real. This man's dream became real. William Shatner! He just wanted a real life Enterprise. What country did Stafford Beer come from? 'Murica! No. The United Kingdom! Yes he did! [ding]. A British management cybernetics consultant. -- [BEEP]ing hell. -- What? In 70s... -- In 1970s. -- You can't be that any more, can you? Stafford Beer. You have to be a startup to be one of those now. He also sympathised with the Chilean socialists. And that worked quite well! I imagine it did. He basically got, I don't know if it was a phone call in those days, but he got a message, out of the blue. -- Probably a telex. -- A telex, surely? From the COM-PU-TER! From the wonderfully named Fernando Flores and he basically dropped all his other work and said "Yes, I will go to Chile!" Someone picked it up later. It would be all over the floor. And help the socialists. Did they have a five year plan? Well they did. But it lasted about two years. I was going to say, did that not work out? That's the duration of most five year plans, in my experience. Actually, yeah. Let me guess, they ****ed off, quite soon after. No, they were given a military coup. Given one?! ♫ Happy Birthday to you... ♫ Here's a military coup... ♫ ♫ You've five minutes to leave ♫ And your family too! ♫ I mean Chris, you pressed the button there, but it was entirely justified. Those are biscuits for Gary. Well done. Yes. The 1973 Chilean coup d'etat. Aren't those the little things you have at parties? -- That's... that's... -- Crudités! A crudités coup d'etat! Ooh look! It's shaped like a tiny rifle. How avant-garde! Ooh! It's taken over my intestines! Yes, the caviar was somewhat suspect. Opens the fridge... Flags... Parade... Tins of pilchards going round like nuclear missiles. Than, many years later, people are wearing red t-shirts, with crudités on them. Big pictures of a tin of sardines... Being held. They were obviously airbrushed, to make them look a bit newer. Yeah! The smoked salmon ones are at the top because although all men are born equal, some are more equal than others. Apart from one really old one in the middle. Looks like it could fall off at any time. With an awesome mustache. It's a Chilean coup, so with a big hat, sunglasses. Who backed the Chilean coup? In 1973? The COM-PU-TER did! It's got to be the States. It's go to be the States. Richard Nixon's government. Yes [ding]. There is a name you might recognise, that came to power afterwards. -- Pinochet! -- Pinochet! [ding] Dammit! I would have been right. Ah well. It was the coup in which Pinochet came to power. And... you know... As part of this, the massive infrastructure of socialism that Nixon and the U.S. were fighting against. This massive computer orchestrated thing... destroyed. It's worth pointing out, in less than... Ooh hoo hoo hoo! I didn't actually intend for that to connect. -- Hel-lo! -- Handbags at dawn ladies! He's right, it was worth pointing out. That is the most 'shut that door' slap I've ever seen, Tom. It really is. It's worth mentioning that they actually did get to advanced prototype in under two years. Which for a central government operation -- like, I don't know if Britain could do that with one thing right now. Let alone a big national project. So they went full-on startup? Yeah. They... They had a great idea. They burned out after two years, almost literally. That's it. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, they managed it. And no-one really got any money at the end. And the person whose idea it was, despite the fact it was technically a failure, went back and had a successful career doing other things. And no-one's heard about it now! Basically a tech startup. There you go. The late '90s, documented, right there. Yes! So, congratulations at the end of that. I think Gary, you... You very clearly win this one. You win a restaurant that cooks lingerie over a box of hot coals, that was previously owned by a famous civil engineer... Go on... It's Brunel's Brassieres and Braziers Brasserie. So congratulations, enjoy that. With that we say good bye to Chris Joel... To Gary Brannan... To Matt Gray... I've been Tom Scott and we'll see you next time. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Putting the butt into butter. That's a big tub. No offence. That's why he got sacked from the catering industry! It's true. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it... "It's everywhere! I can't even see it to get it off!" Every fact they... "I just keep wiping and it stays!" "Water's just running off! "I've made myself accidentally arse-waterproof!" Which is great when I'm on a National Express coach, let's face it. Matt Gray's Gore-Tex Arse! Salted or unsalted? I care not to taste. In front of me, I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't... Stork Arse Margarine! "I don't know what happened! I gave his arse a little pat and that's just..." -- That was good. That was good. I like that one. -- Thank you! Four men laughing in a kitchen.
I'm in the abandoned city of Pripyat, in Ukraine. 3km away is the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant, which exploded in 1986. And "nuclear power plant" and "exploded" are never something you want to hear in the same sentence. It caused the worst nuclear accident in humanity's history. So I'm here, and I have brought a banana. For scale. Because bananas are radioactive. They're a great source of potassium, and a tiny fraction of that potassium -- about one part in 10,000 -- is an unstable, radioactive isotope. Every second, a few hundred potassium atoms in this banana decay. Which is enough that a containerful of bananas can cause false alarms at shipping docks where they're looking for radioactive bombs. Bananas are called a "legitimate radioactive material". So why are we still eating them? Well, that much radiation is basically nothing. There's something called the banana equivalent dose: it's not a serious measurement, particularly because your body regulates your potassium levels anyway and you'd just get rid of it, but it's a good way to get an idea of how dangerous something is, and how dangerous this city is. If you just spend a night sleeping next to someone, anywhere on earth: you'll get half a banana's dose. We've got potassium in us as well, so we're all very slightly radioactive. Being here, in the city next to the world's worst nuclear accident? Three bananas an hour, rising to twenty or thirty in a few areas. That sounds like a lot, until you realise that the cosmic radiation I got on the airplane flight here was about a hundred bananas, or about a chest x-ray. The actual danger here in most parts of Pripyat and Chernobyl, is not from background radiation. Nearer the plant, and in some less-travelled areas, yes; the workers who are building the new confinement structure have very strict limits on how long they can linger. But the danger here is from fallout, from material left behind in the 1986 explosion, it's from the vegetation that's very good at pulling radioactive particles into itself, it's from kicking up dust and breathing it in, it's from things getting into your system and staying there. I'm not allowed to put any of my belongings down on the ground just in case they pick up dust, and I'll be scanned for radiation when I leave, just in case. Radiation isn't some terrifying spectre, if it's managed properly. If it's not: well, even now, nearly thirty years after the Chernobyl disaster, everyone in Europe is still getting about an extra twenty or thirty bananas of radiation every year. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
In front of me I've… mmf. -In front of me I've got an... -"Ooh". "Ooh. In front of me... Ooh! -"I say!" -What's under there? "In front of me I've got things you're not allowed to see. Haha." And now I will fiddle with my trousers. Right, this is the thing, right every f***ing show we've done ever, be it kitchen, be it in here, he has rearranged his crotchular area, just as he's come on to do something... oh, bloody hell. Have you got that on camera? Grant, are we rolling? We are rolling. Right, that needs to be an extra, is the number of times across the years that Matt has decided to reposition himself. Please put your phones back on aeroplane mode, like I haven't. Wow, that's getting diminishing returns every time. I'm doing it because I find it funny. That's fair. That's why we're here, we find this funny. We do this without you. Are you okay there, Gary? I don't know, I had a big Cumberland sausage on the way down and it ain't half repeating. One of 'em just starts going down. "That was me!" Curse this British food. Then one of them pops, "You hear the artillery!" Is this the effect that the Glaswegian paella is having on me? What a filthy euphemism. Glaswegian paella! It's sausage and chips. And sauce! And sauce!
If you prefer this show in audio form, then head over to techdif.co.uk where the old episodes are available as downloads for your MP3 player I'm sorry, I'm talking like I'm from the 90s, aren't I? Is it available in a datablast at the end? Oh my god, yes! Oh no, no, wait, I'm confusing my enthusiasm for that with my enthusiasm for Violet Berlin. If you want to see the first season of how we did this but without our ugly mugs then you wouldn't be seeing it you'd be watching the newly recorded podcasts or some s*** I'll try that again, you can see what I'm driving at. -- I'll have a go. -- Actually, that probably covers it! If you like to listen to these instead of staring at us all the time, these are available as podcasts and they're available for your various MP3 devices record players or wax gramophones at techdif.co.uk. Do you want to watch this? But without watching it? On a bus in a tunnel? Download it. techdif.co.uk. -- That's it! -- Audio-y! Right? Cut! Print!
This is an experiment, the video quality is a bit odd but it's still going to be funny, go watch it. This is Reverse Trivia Cards like we used to do on the podcast. "In the good old days, yes." "Remember those?" - "Liar!" - Play it! Argh! Huh! Eugh! -War... Eugh... -What is it good for? -Spider. -Urgh! That's a big spider. You're a big spider. This is the Technical Difficulties and today we are going old school. I have in front of me a deck of classic trivia question cards. I'm going to read out the answers and all these folks have to do is guess the questions. Joining me today, please welcome, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel. -Hello. Everyone's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan "This Earth of majesty, this seat of Mars, this other Eden Demi-Paradise. "A fortress created by nature for herself, this blessed plot. "This Earth, this realm, this... "kitchen." - He's been practicing. - He has. Have you just been doing that since January when we last recorded? Pretty much just this, yeah. "Gary, the baby's s*** herself!" "I can't, I'm practicing my monologues." "It's John of Gaunt for f***'s sake!" And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. His seat's made of Mars, mine's made of Kit-Kat. Every question they get right is a point and a ding and the special prize for particularly good answers, which is… "Mystery Biscuits!" So much weirder without it there. It's weird without an audience, this now, isn't it? -It's, I mean… -I just love the spectacular silence. We might as well put a bell tolling quietly in the background throughout the whole thing. And today we start with Hadrian's Wall. Oh, shit, a different format. Whoa! So I've got the… the answer and all you need to do is guess the question. What did I have to climb to get my ball back when I lived next door to Hadrian? Hadrian's conifer hedge. Yeah. It's actually why they put it up there in the first place, obviously. Well, in fairness, I mean Hadrian's Wall today isn't that… I mean obviously the answer's going to be… What was made with Hadrian's bricks? Obviously. Fact, he's right, well, yeah, what is … well, what is a big... I was going to say bricky, stony thing? sort of across where the Scottish border isn't. Oh, I know the answer. What's that Oasis song about? "After all, you're my Hadrian's Wall"? I really wanted to come out with a different Oasis song. I realised I couldn't think of any other Oasis songs. Good. Soon the wounds will heal(!) Hadrian's Wall, chaps. You're not quite close enough. Possible answers, a defensive wall between the Roman Empire and Caledonia. -I mean, yeah. -What was built to keep the bloody Scots out? That is much closer and I'll give you the point. Wow! That must have played well north of wherever the border was at the time. What was constructed to separate England from Scotland? -Brexit. -Yay! The lack of square sausage. Also fair. Your next one is mountain climbing. What are mountains good for? ♫ Absolutely nothing! Say it again! ♫ What extreme sport are goats known for? They are, you know, ropes and crampons and everything. And Gary gets the point. -What sport uses crampons? -F*** me! Is mountain climbing a sport? Yeah. What else is it? It's not... arduous. It's one of those things that gets worse when you try and make it competitive. Well, it's the kind of thing where slow and steady really does win the race on that one. Two fathoms or 12 feet. How deep is a thing? -Yes. -How deep is your love. Is your love? You're both right, apart from the last two words, it is two words we're looking for. -How deep is. -Are things? 'How deep are things?' No, Matt. We're looking for two, we're looking for 'How deep is something?' -It's quite a famous thing. -A league. Well, it's something you would drop off the back of a ship. Oh, a plumb bob. Not quite. It's the knotty boat thing, It's knots in a … knots in a knotimabob. One specific knot in a knotimabob. The long far knot. - A drop knot. -If you drop the K... -If you drop… -Slip knot. If you drop the knotima thing off the back of your boat. -All sailors in here. -Boatimabob, please. And it stops at 2 fathoms or 12 feet, it is a certain mark. -Mark my word. -Mark Almond. It's where a famous author got his name from. -Mark Twain. -Point. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off! Two fathoms or 12 feet is Mark Twain. -Bloody hell! -Makes a certain amount of sense. And he wrote all those novels when he was out in the wet like that. "It's very inspirational!" "Bracing!" He's got a floating writing desk on a lilo. Get in! Lilo? So what was Mark Twain called before he was Mark Twain then? -Samuel Clemens. -Was there another Samuel Clemens or did he just like the idea of being a measurement of water? I think he just liked the idea of being a measurement of water. Wouldn't you like to be a measurement of water? -I don't know, this isn't… -Call me a pint. This isn't our normal format, I can't look it up. Ed Stewart. Ed 'Stewpot' Stew, presenter of Junior Choice on Radio 2 and Crackerjack. Please say that's the point. Yes, that's the point. Hey. "Who is radio's Stewpot?", although I am completely behind you just kind of maxing out all possible questions there. Also, biscuits. One shot, one kill. Yeah, alright. For something from 1984. Yeah, but Gary was already 35 then, so, you know, he remembers it better than the rest of us. I remember the pound note. I remember the pound note, I've been to Scotland. They have individual pound notes in Scotland? And Jersey - Jersey has them, they're green. -Pound notes? -Yeah, pound notes, it's really confusing, I gave the bus driver a five pound note, and he gave me like four notes back, I'm like 'Okay.' "Rich!" he said. -Winning! -Scottish strip clubs with pound notes. Come on! To be fair, what’s the alternative? What's the alternative, getting a load of pound coins and trying to… They'd have to wear big pants and seal them up at the bottom so that they didn't fall through. Just jingling around like a Morris dancer. "The Technical Difficulties, live from a strip club." That would be so uncomfortable, I think we should do that. I was going to say, it depends which side of the strip club. Just me leaning on a pole going, "F*** it, no." I was going to say... As I am or not at all! "And here for you now, it's Chris, everybody." You can bollocks. If you're wondering how committed we are for that joke, it's this far and no further. You told me off last time I did a show half naked and we weren't even on t'screen then. -Did I? -One of the 24 hour shows, it pissed it down while I was cycling in. I did about the first six hours stripped to the waist and you told me off repeatedly. You did and I remember that because you… "Body for radio, ladies and gentlemen." You walked in, you immediately took off your t-shirt in the manner of a man taking off his t-shirt for someone else. So you grabbed both sides of it and pulled over like that instead of just hoiking it over. And went, "Aah, that's the smell of a man." Now, I don't remember saying this, but that does sound exactly like me. Next up, Davis. Johnson, your move. I raise you Peterson. Mornington Crescent! Surely. Most common surname in Wales. Oh! -Now. -Second most common surname in Wales. Have a point. Sorry, Joneses. Next up, the Rainbow Warrior. Good luck, chaps. Alright, let's just put it out there, gay rights activists, have at it. An activist, certainly, or something close to activist. -Yeah, it's the sodding boat that got sunk. -By the French. -Who owned the boat? -Greenpeace. Yes, you're absolutely right. Is that the one that they stormed Rockall with? I don't think Greenpeace ever stormed Rockall. -Yes, they did. Fact. -Why? They, for about 40 days, they had someone on Rockall. Fact, to protest the fact that everyone was going, "Oh, I want this oil." So they're trying to claim it for themselves. Do you want to explain what Rockall is? -Rockall is a rock in the middle of f*** all... -F***-all, yes. about 230 miles from the leftist bit of Scotland, and more miles from bits of Danish Greenland and Iceland and everyone wants a bit of it because 'oil'. We currently say it's ours because international diplomacy. The only other British oil based fact, that I only found out last week... British oil based fact! -Is that... -Don't mix with water based facts. You can, just one floats on top of the other. And definitely don't heat it. "Now, on the fact emulsifier…" Format, format. The fact emulsifier! "On the left side of the room we have some wet facts. "On the right side of the room we have some greasy facts. "You must combine these in such a way that they gel." Coagulated knowledge. Hello, Stephen Mulhern? He says he'll do it. That was just his answerphone, obviously. Unnecessary burn on the hard work of Stephen Mulhern there, but never mind, I'm sure he'll be happy with it from his pile of money. During the war, Britain was running short on oil, 'cause U-Boats. They had to drill for oil in Britain and they found an absolute s***-tonne. Britain's oil was very good, very pure, could fuel a Spitfire and was in Sherwood Forest. Yes, it was, because I grew up near a couple of oil fields -in the middle of Nottinghamshire. -Yeah, which they brought over because British oil riggers were so slow and s*** at their jobs. They brought over a load of American oil riggers. All called Derek. All called Derek, to work in… That was a derrick joke, no one liked it. -I don't understand. -Oils are drilled on derricks. -Are they? -Yeah. -That? Is a derrick. -Des. So they brought over a load of American oil workers to spend out the war in Nottinghamshire drilling for oil. Yeah, entirely true, there's still an oil field there, I think it's now an oilfield museum, but they still have some of the nodding donkeys up in little bits of what was once, Sherwood Forest. There you go. Your next answer is Canada. -I don't know, can ya? -You're not my da. How could someone in Wales ask permission to do something? "Canna, da?" What country lies directly south of something? -Russia. -I don’t know… What f****** planet are you from? Because the Mercator projection distorts things and things can actually be in a different position -based on different map projections. -Canada's still not south of Russia. -I don't know if it kind of curves. -Kazakhstan is south of Russia. You are right, but it's curving in a way you wouldn't expect. Doctor. Is it the North Pole? In one of the ways of defining it? In all of the ways of defining it, yes, but that's not the thing here. -There's something… -Oh, yes, s***. That's the point! What country lies directly south of the North Pole? Everything. Every country. Is it that Canada's south of something or that something is south of Canada? It's what country lies directly south of 'something'? -America. -What city in America is directly north of Canada? If you go south from this American city you reach Canada. -Detroit. -Yes. Have a point. Oh yeah, because of the... -Yes, you are absolutely right. -Because Canada curves down so far. You are absolutely right. Canada's schlong hangs directly above the balls of Detroit. I think that's the wrong way round. Yes. But yes, close enough. The balls of Detroit. Yeah, because you cross east-west over the river, don't you? -Yes, you do. -This is why I'm not allowed in the UN anymore. Your last question is Napoleon's victories. Is that what he calls his balls? What hung down over Prussia? "Les Arcs de Triomphe!" If it's got that much of a curve in it, do seek your doctor. Unbelievably, Gary, you get the point. What is the Arc de Triomphe a memorial to? And the answer is Napoleon's victories. -His balls. -Victories. Victories. No, seriously, in all truth, the Arc de Triomphe is more of a monument to bad traffic planning if you ever go there. As it’s a f***ing roundabout. Isn't a three or four lane roundabout? It's terrifying, I spent … I went up the Arc de Triomphe once. -I spent most of the time... -Did you now? ... most of the time just screaming out of it and watching traffic. "Oh my god! Oh my god!" Not in a car driving, not trying to walk across or anything like that, just...? No, I was… I did the sensible thing, of getting the little underpass that takes you to beneath. There's an underpass? That gets you to the Arc de Triomphe, you don't actually have to run across the murderous traffic lanes that you obviously did. As a child! "Les enfants! Les enfants!" -On a school trip, -S***! With other children! There's an underpass that takes you to a little door in the bottom. Well, s*** happens. -Door in the bottom! -Door in the bottom, Gary? I was miming the lift that you get in...! It'll give you some kind of lift. I am never ever going in a multi-storey building with you. I've just done a colonoscopy. "Come on, Chris, it's time to go to the fourth floor...!" "How far are we going?" There was an Arc de Triomphe story there about an underpass, Gary, and the lack of it. But I spent most time at the top of the Arc de Triomphe screaming at the traffic, because it is genuinely, that’s a four or five lane roundabout, and people just cut across all three lanes, just to get off whenever they feel like it, it's terrifying. Is it like a horse tornado but with... Renault Twingos? What the f*** is a horse tornado? Have you not heard the phrase... First of all, 'carousel'. Yes! Sorry, have you not heard the phrase, 'horse tornado' before? -No! -Okay. Well, it's a horse tornado! -Like that's been going around for a while. -Carousel. What I like is, that came to your head before the word 'carousel'? Oh, I never call … I always call them - I always call them horse... I can never think. It's a much more sensible word, a carousel? That doesn't even say what it does. A horse tornado is exactly what it does. It’s horses. Tornading. Tornading! Unbelievably, at the end of the show, congratulations, Matt, you win. Hey! You win a spinal procedure performed by an anarchist punk band, it's a Chumbawumba lumbar puncture. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off! With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, -to Matt Gray. -Whee! I've been Tom Scott and we'll see you next time.
I've been thinking a lot about risk recently. Partly because of the new scar on my face, and partly because I'm sitting on Pulpit Rock, in the south of Norway, with nothing between me and a 600 meter drop. It is a very very long way down and it is very windy. But how risky is this, really? I mean, millions of people have visited Pulpit Rock. It's not a difficult hike. Families with kids come up here all the time. And yet, in living memory, only one person has ever fallen off it. Walking up here is probably more dangerous. Driving to the base of it certainly is. And yet this has been called one of the world's scariest tourist attractions. And it is. Humans are bad at assessing risks. That's not news, you know that. But would I still be here, would he still be sitting on the edge, if the consequences were different? Let's say, theoretically, that at some future point humanity has cured all disease, including ageing. No one gets old, no one gets ill. Technically, you are immortal, but you can still get hit by a car, or fall off a very high rock. I did some maths. An average, modern, healthy, western person has about a 1 in 2500 chance of dying from an accident every year. It's a rough estimate. But those odds mean that one in five of those immortals won't live to see 500 years. One in three don't see 1,000. Sure, that's a long life, but it's not immortality. You still die. Transhumanists would say, well, they're able to back up their minds, that all they need to do is "live long enough to live forever" – that's Ray Kurzweil. But if that turns out not to be an option, then the only way to survive would be to avoid all risks. Now, in English, we use the word "live" not just to mean our bodies working, but to represent experiences like this. It implies that hiding away in a bunker, avoiding risk, is somehow being less alive. But if you really had literal immortality, if you thought you'd survive into eternity, would you live like this, take those actually quite scary 1 in 2500 odds every year, knowing that, at some point, your number will come up? Or do you hide yourself away, never leave a safe bunker, knowing you won't interact with the world, but know you'll grow old with it, you will find out what the future holds? Ultimately: which is more human: the desire to experience, or the desire to survive? I don't know the answer, and I suspect it's somewhere in the middle, because some old part of my brain, with millions of years of evolution guiding it, has already made the decision for me. Because I am sitting on this bit of the rock, and not out there. That is absolutely terrifying. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] OFF SCREEN: Did you enjoy that? Did I enjoy that? No. No.
In 1881 an architect called William Brown and an iron foundry owner called Benjamin Haugh patented an idea for a new type of jail. The Rotary Jail. In hindsight, it was not a good idea It's impractical, unsafe, and massively overcomplicated. But that didn't stop them selling the idea to a few towns across the United States. And the first one was built here, in Crawfordsville, Indiana. And while it hasn't held prisoners for decades, it is the only one where the mechanism still works. We have a two story rotary jail, and there are eight cells on each floor. It weighs approximately 30 tonnes, it's made of steel. It's operated by a hand crank, the hand crank moves both floors of the jail at exactly the same time. It doesn't touch any of the walls, it doesn't touch the bars the whole machine sits around a central cylinder that runs from the roof to the sewer system. And it works like a pin, all of the weight of it rests on the lip on top of that pin. It's just a marvel of engineering for its time. The advantage of having a rotational cell block was that you could have just the one opening, the inmates could enter/exit their cells from in front of a pie shaped cell block. So if you only had one door to watch, then you didn't have to pay as many guards to be here to watch the inmates. There's just one way out. The half-moon seat shapes are toilets, they've been welded shut. So when our jail was built in the 1880s our inmates had indoor plumbing and toilets inside their cells when most of the country didn't have it in their homes. But some of the issues with the jail are that from 1882 until 1938 there was just one opening on each floor. And there's an independently operating sliding door that locks closed on each floor to keep inmates just from jumping out whenever they want to. If there was a fire, you risked having to have a guard stand there and crank out each cell one by one to get the inmates to safety. The other issue is that almost 50% of our inmates were arrested for being drunk, some of them would over spill from the drunk tank and need to be in the cells to make room for other inmates as they came in. So they would fall asleep on the ground, hugging the bars and the machine would begin to move, and essentially the wall would come into contact with their limbs and break them or amputate them. They quit rotating the jail in 1938, they cut an individual door out of every cell and they installed the catwalk. So they quit rotating it because the problems that they had with fire concerns and with inmates getting limbs chopped off. As far as we've been told, as long as we keep maintenancing the machine the way that we do and treating it the way that we do, there's no end in sight. We'll be able to turn it forever. There are any number of ways that this could have been improved. The bars could have spun, not the cells. or you could remove the complicated, expensive rotation part entirely, and just, you know, open one cell at a time. Which is basically a regular jail. The moral of the story? Just because an idea has been patented doesn't mean that it's actually any good. Just means no one's thought of it before and sometimes there's a reason for that.
This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today: He reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! Follow me on Twitter at toast @...! No, it's bollocks. [Laughter] Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan — Gary Brannan! [Sings] 'Pull down your pants and s*** on the ants, In an English country garden.' I'm going to have to get the bleep out in the first minute! Thought I'd make it easy for you. And the bounciest man on stage — Matt Gray! We're live! We can do visual gags! [Laughter] [Laughter] [Laughter] Like Bob Dylan before he went electric. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], And there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... [Audience sings] MATT and TOM: Oh yeah. And today we are talking about Ruth Belville. MATT: Belville? GARY: Belville! A town of bells! TOM: I mean, I don't imagine that's the etymology... Well, you never know, do you? Oh! Is it a town of Ruth Bells? Oh! Ruth Bell-ville. Right. Okay, sorry. That took me a second. No. Two words, one name. Is it a person or a place? TOM: It is definitely a person. MATT: It's a person? GARY: It's a person. CHRIS: Is it a woman? TOM: Yes. GARY: Get in! [DING] Point for that man! MATT: First point of the day. Is anyone keeping track of the points here? Because I'm not. I'll be honest. [Laughter] GARY: Well, we never do. TOM: Do you want to guess whenabouts we're talking about? The Victorian era! [DING] GARY: When we play our best. CHRIS: Never fails. GARY: The time of big hats and iron! Does she have any iron? [Laughter] Careful answer! She has some silver. Used to be gold, it's now silver. So she has no iron. She's not massively anaemic, if that's what you're saying. That's not in here. Yeah, you know me, Tom. I'm right there on the anaemia gags. Did she have a trouser press? TOM: She is famous for having a physical object. Oh great. So we've got a woman who has a thing. With silver, that was originally gold... GARY: A silver thing. MATT: Was it a goblet? TOM: I'm sorry, was it a what? Was it a goblet? CHRIS: Hang on, a gold...? That's not the gesture for 'goblet', Matt. MATT: One can cup a cup. Yeah! TOM: We've found the audience's level. That's good. And it's down there! It is something that would come in silver and gold. It would have a silver or gold case on it. MATT: Was it a jewellery? Watch! TOM: Point! [DING] MATT and GARY: Wahey! TOM: You're absolutely right. MATT: You're our points man. Absolutely. It's the beard that's feared. Elizabeth Ruth Naomi Belville, 1854 to 1943, and known for carrying around a watch. Okay. Was she... I'm going to go with something answery. Something to do with trains and time zones? I mean, given it's a watch — it's to do with time. [Laughter] No! MATT: I'm not hearing a ding! [DING] CHRIS: Official keeper of the Queen's O'Clock. Oh, you know what... [DING] It's not quite — it's close. Official Keeper of the Queen's O'Clock... we're getting closer. CHRIS: Corgi s***ting time. Greenwich Mean Time certainly has something to do with it. Corgi S***ting Time... I've just realized I said that. It's little used. It's 37 minutes off the hour. MATT: CST. 'Excuse me, Ma'am, I just need to take the corgis.' [Queen voice] 'Oh yes, it's s***ting time.' Just going to set my watch to Corgi S***ting Time. I tell you what, it is basically — that 37 minutes is corgi s***ting time. 'Finchley! They're still in the parlour!' Someone at Buckingham Palace somewhere is pulling out the elaborate silver dish right now. CHRIS: Used to be gold, you know. It does tarnish so. GARY: Yes! Why would someone in Victorian London, and later, up to World War Two, be going around with a watch? Was she an official clock-setter for some town or borough? TOM: Hmm... I'll give you a point for that. [DING] Certainly — I don't think official. This was not... Unofficial. Going around setting it to her own bloody time. She's a guerrilla time setter. GARY: You can't set time on a gorilla! They don't wear watches! It's like a s*** Banksy! 'Ah ha ha! You thought it was five minutes later than it is!' GARY: Yeah, but would — MATT: 'But I *know* it's wrong, 'cos I have a watch!' Ah! Now... Can I make the point, if the gorilla told you the time, you wouldn't disagree with it though, would you? Whatever time he says it is. TOM: I will point out, you're getting very close there. This is how... [Laughter] No, Gary isn't. Matt is. This is someone who went round selling... MATT: Oh! Oh! CHRIS: Time. 'I know the time! Give me a fiver and I'll tell you the time' — kind of person. [DING] TOM: Yup. Oh my God. TOM: Absolutely right. Spot on. I bet you can do that in Leicester Square. I mean, you wouldn't want to do it in Parliament Square, because you've got Big Ben there, but Leicester Square... [Laughter] GARY: 'It's 11:55.' DONGGG... 'Trust me. That's wrong.' That's not actually Big Ben. That's just Gary going 'DONGGG...' Which bit of me, remains open to be seen. If you do go to Parliament Square on a Thursday night, you can just see him standing in the corner doing an impression of Big Ben. Yeah! I even put the pointy hat on and everything. And for some tourists, the very small / far away thing, it does work as well. How big's the pendulum, Gary? You don't want to know. Hahey! All I'll tell you is, it's regulated by a penny every year. That's true, innit? They regulate the pendulum on the clock on Big Ben by putting pennies on or subtracting it, to half a second or something? Something like that, yeah. Old pennies. Well, with the exchange rate at the moment, it's going to be pounds by the end of the year. We're rich! And you wanted us to do the Brexit one. There you go. Yes. This was a woman called Ruth Belville, who like her father and her father before her... Her father and I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt father before *him*... [Laughter] GARY: Get a diagram! MATT: For generations. Pronouns are always difficult. MATT: Generations. You need the word 'generations'. For generations, had sold the time to people who needed to know it accurately. So where did she go to get that? Time Magazine. It's a grudging Biscuits. But it's a Biscuits. Oh, we're not putting scales of biscuitry in here, are we? So where did she go to get the proper time in Victorian London? This was originally 1836 when her father created it. The London Time Dump. [Laughter] TOM: Now... That's a good description for what this would be. GARY: Oh great! I win then. I'm not giving you a point for it... but where in London — GARY: Damn my short arms! Where would you go to get the time? Greenwich, I would assume. Yeah, Greenwich. Yep. [DING] Absolutely right. Greenwich Observatory. You see the nonchalance on that? [Click] Yeah, it's fine. Greenwich Observatory, you would go to the clock that is outside it... Surely you'd go to its herb garden. -- [Groans] Thyme! -- Oh, f*** you. Oh. I heard a muttering of discontent in the crowd there. GARY: That got the reaction it purely deserved, which was 'Ughh...' That's just the despair of 400 people in front of me. That is what my puns are worth! Ahh. That's bat under the arm, back into the pavilion, shaking your head — really, I'm sorry. Yes. There is a clock outside called the Shephard Gate Clock... What's unusual about it? MATT: It's got sheep on it! No hands on it. Shepherds only can go under it! No to all of those things! Are you sure? I mean, it's set on a wall, so if anyone could get under it I'd be very surprised. Is it on a Viking street named Shepherd Street? Er, no. It's by the Shephard Gate of the Observatory. Sheep work like sundials, don't they? They all face the same way... TOM: Go on...? Yeah, 'cos when you go past many fine Saxon churches, what you find engraved on it is four holes for you to hook the hooves in. For a sheep. It's twenty past Flossy. That kind of thing. Then they fall off, you get a goat, causes all kinds of problems. They have to be recalibrated with a penny on their back every few rounds, just to get them to within a few seconds. MATT: So I was wrong. TOM: Yes, you were. It is a fairly standard clock. There is something unusual about it, particularly for that era, that you would need to tell the time, day, night... 24-hour? 24-hour! Have a point. [DING] Absolutely right. 24-hour clock, so you would go there — or she would go there, would set her watch exactly, and then go around to hundreds of clients... Why didn't someone undercut her and just charge slightly less with a different watch? Ah! And there you have stumbled upon something, so I'll give you a point. [DING] Oh, lucky me! She came 'under attack from St John Wynne, a director of the Standard Time Company.' Standard Time! 'Twenty past three! Get out!' What kind of criticism did he give in a speech at the United Wards Club? 'Oh! I will not take time from a woman!' 'This is not a place for her!' Something horrific like that? You're close enough. [DING] He said 'she might have been using her femininity...' Eh? TOM: Fe-mi-ni-ni-ty... CHRIS: ...ni-ni-nin... ALL: Femininininin... '... to gain business.' Oh, I see. 'D'you want to buy *my* time, luvvy?' 'Free some time?' The speech was published in The Times... Ayyyy! [Applause] With both of you doing that impression, because I've got a very vivid imagination, I've just got you in low-cut Victorian dresses hanging round a pub in the East End... and really I can't sleep for a fortni... oh no... Hiya, luv... Why are my hands still doing this?! Augh! So yes. Following the publication of the comments, what happened? She got really pissed off and threw her watch at him. But it was on a chain, so she could keep doing it. MATT: Is that like a yo-yo? 'Don't! Criticize! My! Timekeeping!' I hope it had a bell in it, so every time it hit him, it was like, Ding! Ding! Ding! I just like the idea of, 'What time is it?' 'I've got no idea...' 'You want to know what time it is? It's whuppin' time!' Er, quite the opposite, actually. MATT: Nothing. GARY: She took it in good humour. She did. It 'resulted in an increase in sales'. And, er... [Laughter] What did she say about his comments? 'T***.' There was a little bit... a few more words in there — Don't. Don't. He'd just given her free advertising. GARY: That's nails! Love that. Yeah. 'Er, excuse me, Miss. I hear you provide... services of time...' 'I'd like to buy some of your... time.' 'All right. It's 2:30. There you go.' 'That wasn't quite what I had in mind.' 'But my watch is accurate now, so...' 'I can't say I lost from this transaction. Good day!' Yes. She lived to the age of 89... And she'd know that, 'cos she's got a watch. She... how long did she have before that for her retirement? None at all. Because she'd just keep going till she carked. Close. But a little bit. Twelve minutes exactly. They found a watch on the body. GARY: Till her w... CHRIS: Come on then. GARY: Matt Gray's dead. Here we go. TOM: That's the look that means this is about to hit the cutting room floor. Everybody, roll up your sleeves. This one's coming. [Rising] Ohhhh...! GO! This is terrible! Did she meet her untimely death at...? [Groans] [Cheering] Oh, no! No! That wasn't even the joke! I hadn't noticed that! That was better! I was going to say, did she die at the third stroke? [Groans] No, but she got three years of retirement. GARY: Well, 1940 is Blitz. I think that's the start of the Blitz. So she's walking through Blitz-torn London, telling the Nazzies to eff off while she's walking around with a clock in her hand. Hero! Actually, yeah. 'It's teatime, they'll be bombing in 15 minutes.' How did she know that?! Ohhh! Just putting it out there. There is a reference to a buggy in here as well, so I imagine there was something else... She may have been riding... GARY: She was on a go-kart? TOM: 19th — a Victorian-era go-kart? Oh come on, Gary. It's an iron scooter! Ohhh. Designed by Brunel himself! And there...! First reference to Brunel... 20 minutes. If you've got your bingo cards, that must be a line by now, it really must. Says the man in a Bob's Full House hoodie. TOM: A reference which precisely thr... TOM: ...one person in the audience — thank you for that cheer — gets. That's exactly the one in 400 people this is aimed to appeal to. As am I, let's face it. So, when she retired... after the generations of doing this, and it was clear that this was not necessary any more, because the Standard Time Company, while they did not win, themselves, technology moved on. What was the Standard Time Company selling? CHRIS: Substandard, shoddy time. Not collected fresh from Greenwich every morning! 'Just send 'em yesterday's time. It'll be fine, it's only slightly stale.' GARY: Big buckets of time, lined up by the gates. Filling it from the hand-pump of chronology! CHRIS: 'There ye go.' CHRIS: 'We've got some time back in the Devonian.' CHRIS: Geology joke there... GARY: I imagine time being dispensed sounds like, [Blows raspberry] Gary, that's how you imagine most noises. Fair cop. Actually, we may as well, while we're doing bingo and Gary noises... Goose! [Honks] Goose on a train! [Two-tone train horn] [Goose honk] Goose being hit by a train. [Train horn] [Goose honk] It's what they were all waiting for, Gary. That's what you paid your money for. I know that. What was the Standard Time Company selling? How did they get their time to people? I realize I'm treating time as a physical thing here. How did they tell people the time? MATT: Telephoning? Nah. Or telegramming? Or tele... communicating in some kind of way on a wire? TOM: ...there's a word. There's a word! Telegraph! Morse code! Text message! TOM: [Strangled noise] MATT: Skype! [DING] Gary gets the point. It was a 'telegraphic time signal service', But I'm giving Matt a point as well, [DING] because he was A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt close. GARY: Bulls***! He got the idea, you got the word. GARY: In mill towns, in t' north where we come from, they'd go round, basically a man with a great big stick, would just whack on the window to wake you up, and that was the knocker-upper, because he was the only one with a watch. Yeah. He was the knock-her-upper. [Laughter] Lots of kids that looked suspiciously similar, if you know what I mean. Yes, the Standard Time Company sold a telegraphic time signal, but by that point, we had radio, we had military time... and the customers were starting to die out, essentially. Did you have the speaking clock by then as well? 19...36, so it did exist. There is one other signal at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich... Obviously she went up, got it from the clock, got it from the official source. What happens every day at the Royal Observatory on the top of the hill? Someone gets their fingers trapped in a door and yells, on the hour. No one's ever got round to fixing it. GARY: 'I'll just get the milk — ' BOOM. GARY: 'AAGH! JESUS WEPT!' Set the clock... TOM: Where did that come from?! Where does it all come from, Tom? I don't know. No... 1 pm at the top of the hill in Greenwich Park, a thing happens. GARY: Somebody drops the balls! Point! [DING] [Tittering] TOM: Do you want to explain that? That sounded worse than in my head... yeah. S***. Yeah. There's the time... ball, isn't there, that falls — TOM: See, this is one of those things that sounds rubbish, but actually isn't. Thank you. TOM: That's actually a good mime. That's Lord Time himself there. Do you want to explain the time ball? MATT: Please explain. I can't understand the time ball! It's a ball on a stick that drops down at one o'clock. Is it something like so ships on the River Thames could synchronize their chronometers before they set off, on a sail, so they knew it was one o'clock? A bit like the one o'clock gun in Edinburgh, where they fire a big f***-off gun at the top of the castle, to scare all the tourists, 'cos that's what it's for these days, let's face it. I was once at Edinburgh Castle... Hold on. [DING DING] Thank you! TOM: Carry on. GARY: Thank you. There's a third one needed. I was once at Edinburgh Castle on holiday. I was looking down through the telescope as the one o'clock gun went off — You see them bastards duck, down on Princes Street! If you're ever in Vienna — GARY: That means nothing to me. MATT: [Sings] 'Oh, Vienna!' They test the air raid sirens in the city once a month still. GARY: Ho ho! CHRIS: Oooh. Which I imagine is just to annoy tourists now. GARY: Yeah. Like, it's the three-minute warning, the bomb's about to drop... I want a helmet and to be able to run. [Laughter] Why are both those things unachievable for you? Congratulations Chris, you win this one! You win a gambling den for nocturnal birds of prey, run by the star of the Godfather from the back of a '59 Chevy. GARY: Oh, Jesus Christ, no. Someone just got that, I think. It's Al Pacino's El Camino Owl Casino. With that, we say thank you to... Chris Joel! To Gary Brannan! Matt Gray! Bye-bye, studio audience! We will see you in ten minutes after the interval!
I'm on my way back from the Arctic, but there is time for one more guest video! And it's from Inés at Draw Curiosity, who's talking about those weird floaty things that you get in your eye sometimes. So Tom's taken his eyes off his channel and he's invited me to talk to you about 4 visual phenomena and disturbances that we all experience, and you don't have to go particularly far for any of them. For the first one, all you need to do is to look at a blank wall, or up at the sky, and you'll probably notice some dark grey spots floating around. These are floaters and what you're seeing are the shadows cast by bits of debris which have come loose from the back of the eye. They come in all shapes and sizes because the proteins and the cells can clump together in different manners and you can even estimate whereabouts in the eye they are based on their appearance. The sharper the shadows appear to be, the closer they are to the retina, and those that are blurrier and less defined are closer to the centre of the eye. Although the can be a bit annoying, as long as they haven't appeared suddenly, they're completely harmless. Whilst you're still up looking at the sky you'll probably also notice some white spots floating around. This is known as the blue entoptic phenomenon, and what you're seeing are your white blood cells being pumped through a network of blood vessels that's in front of the retina. Our brain actually does a great job of correcting the shadows cast by these blood vessels onto the retina, but because they're composed of a majority of red blood cells, it means that the white blood cells which are a different colour, shape and size don't get filtered out as well. But much like the floaters, they don't really affect everyday vision. Now so far, the two things I've told you about are real objects found inside our eyes, but the next two are artefacts that aren't there at all. Visual snow is a phenomenon that everyone reports experiencing to some degree, and it's the appearance of a static or grainy like texture over all or parts of the visual field. Personally, I find it to be the most noticeable over dark colours or in the dark, and it reminds me of footage shot on a camera with a high ISO. High ISO refers to a high sensitivity setting on the sensor, which means that is a lot more sensitive to light, but also a lot more prone to noise, which you can see in the grainy footage around me. Now whilst we can explain grainy texture in cameras, we don't actually know what causes visual snow but we believe it to be neural, which means it has a lot more to do with the neurons and the way nerves process these signals, as opposed to the eye structure itself. And last, but not least, are phosphenes. I'm sure you've heard the expression "to see stars", and if you've ever received a blow to the head, or you've coughed particularly hard, you know what that expression means, those are phosphenes. Likewise, if you've ever rubbed your eyes, or tapped the sides of them, you've probably seen some pretty geometric shapes appear before them, and these are also phosphenes. Generally, the images that we see are the result of light stimulating our photoreceptors at the back of the eye, but they can also be triggered in other manners, for instance, mechanically. If I tap the side of my eye, I'm actually changing the pressure inside it, and this causes some of the photoreceptors to fire and cause those sparks and pretty geometric shapes that we see. We also know that phosphenes can arise in the brain. People who take psychedelic drugs also report seeing phosphenes, and some scientists found that if you pass a gentle electric current through the brain's visual cortex, you will also report seeing some pretty geometric shapes. These were the 4 disturbances that I wanted to talk to you about today, and I think it just goes to show how complex and fascinating our visual system really is, and adds a whole new layer of meaning to the expression, "there's plenty more, than meets the eye" Inés, thank you very much! Go subscribe to Draw Curiosity, there are links on screen or in the description now. Also in the description is a link to Inés' blog post with the full research notes and bibliography for the video you've just seen. That is it for the guest videos! Unless I've been eaten by a polar bear, in which case this will be a very ironic end tag, I am back next week, and I'll see you then.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today: he reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! I've not picked a letter! The bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Hello YouTube. And everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! All aboard the zipline to the poop deck! [Laughing] In front of me I have an article... Where's the zipline from? Soft landing! In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today's article is: Sergeant Reckless. That is my rank in the army. Have a point. [DING] Sergeant Major — Sergeant Reckless! You get a point — Yay! ...for successfully saying this is something or someone in the military. Is it someone called Sergeant Reckless, before we go too far? "Someone" is putting it a little bit strongly. Is it a dog? Ooh, but you're close. Horse. Point! [DING] Although, to be honest, the horse is named Reckless. Why might it have had the Sergeant? Got a field promotion. Point! [DING] Started at the bottom and worked its way up. Held official rank in the United States military. — Okay. — Did it order anyone? Er, no. Yeah, a lot of donkeys that were subordinate to it. 'Private Donkey, Private Ass...' Although, if you think about it, privates in the platoon must have been technically outranked by the horse. Yeah, they'd have to salute the horse. Horse can't salute, can it? Yeah, it can! Can it? Yeah! Balance on the other three. Yes, but can it do that with the other leg? Leg up! Don't know. Have you seen a horse try? I don't know about you, but most of the horses I've seen have not been in the army. Oh, that's fair. Most of the horses I've seen have been civilians. Yeah, but they'd tend to use it to adjust their glasses or something, even if they weren't in the army. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Monocle. Can you imagine the length of the bridge of the glasses for a horse? Yeah, that's fine. A monocle's still going to fall out. They'll have two monocles! All right, they'll fall out, but that's just the universal exhibition of surprise. More of a windscreen for a horse, isn't it? Wraparound cricket glasses. Can you imagine? A prescription windscreen basically — why don't you have those? Why don't I have a windscreen? I'm a human. It'd be like one massive bit of glass that goes all the way round. Poker visor things! Yeah! No, because it'd be massively heavy. Glasses are really heavy. I'm not talking about — all right, for the 1940s horse in the army, Yeah. Yes, impractical because of the size of the glass. For the modern man of today there must be thin materials we could use for — No, there really aren't. If you make the glasses thin, the refractive index has to be high so they're really heavy. Science! I've... He's asked. He's tried. I've literally tried to order extra-extra-thin glasses, and they basically kept falling forwards off my face because they were just so heavy. In moments of surprise, or at any time? Any time! Because any glasses should fall off at any moment of surprise. Yeah. No, originally a racehorse, Sergeant Reckless was purchased from a Korean stableboy at the Seoul racetrack who needed money to buy an artificial leg for his sister. Sergeant Reckless's sister? No, no, the stableboy's sister. Oh. They didn't give the horse an artificial leg. Sorry, I tuned out halfway through what he was saying. It sounded like the horse's sister was in hospital. That makes a lot more sense. It's fine. It was technically an open modifier; I could have... It's a brown horse, but it's got a white leg because it's all they've got left. I'm going to give you a point. Sergeant Reckless was indeed a chestnut horse. [DING] With, I'm quoting here, "a blaze and three white stockings." White head marking and three white legs, but not on the fourth. Two points. [DING DING] Two points straight away. Well done. Because it's the false — oh, no, that was his sister. Yes, a blaze — a wide white stripe down the middle of the face. Do you think they camouflage that before they go into battle? It'd be an obvious target. He didn't actually — 'Aim for this bit.' He didn't have a bulls-eye on there. There might as well be, if you've got a big — you know, it's a nighttime battle, Sergeant Reckless is in the trench with you, See what's going on... [horse snort] That's what made him reckless. He refused to camouflage it. We've made a presumption here, folks. Ahh. Female. Lady horse. There we go. [DING] Her date of birth and parentage are unconfirmed. What was the reason you would buy... An army platoon — the Recoilless Rifles — why would they buy a horse? Glue. No. Lucrative incomes via betting. By the way, by 'recoilless rifle', it is basically, er — A rifle that fires without recoil? If you think rifle, you think small stuff. This is basically a shoulder-mounted rocket launcher. Was it a bit like — the Indian army, didn't they use elephants as gun platforms? Er, no, it is just a pack horse. That's bull****, it's a bloody racehorse. To pack the tube of the rifle. They needed a horse that was strong and powerful, and could travel long distances at speed. Nine-month military career. Right. In a single day, made 51 solo trips to resupply front-line units. 'Go over there, horsey.' I think that may literally have been the order, It was: Here are some shells; they've trained the thing... Slap it on the back and it goes out and back. How do they know this horse wasn't trying to run away and just kept getting caught and sent back in the other direction? It's an equine shuttle bus. Er... equine cargo platform. Cargo lifter, if you want to go for that. It's the original shipping container. More like BigDog. Yeah. Yeah, that robot Google is working on right now. Oh! Ugh! -- Yeah, their unnerving... -- Google?! Yeah, Google bought Boston Dynamics Did they? Because that's not scary at all. The massive autonomous robots for military use, basically, the electronic descendants of Sergeant Reckless, yeah, Google owns that company. (Boston Dynamics are owned by Google?) Delivering your Amazon packages soon! Yeah. I love that we're slightly slagging Google, and I wonder if the lights are going to go out any second now. That's a good point. We are in YouTube's own studios here, which we're very thankful for. Mister Google, who I assume owns it, is just over a big red button on his desk. Mister Google?! Could be. Terry Google and Sons, are, when you type in your search query, 'Right, okay, better get the replies to that in.' Straight over to the card index, pull it out... I was going to say, old card index. Yup. Was that the sound of a cat trapped in a card index there? [Riffling] Reowr! It's filed under C. Yeah. For 'Cat'. Which actually, in YouTube's card index — quite big, these days. Yeah. Yeah. K for 'Kitten' outranks it, but... Hold on, hold on, hold on, archivist question: Do you file 'Kitten' under K, or do you file it under 'Cat', bracket, 'kitten' or comma, 'young'? If — and here we go technical — if 'Cat' is the collection, I think 'Kitten' would be a series beneath it. All right! I'm glad I asked that question. If you were giving me cat videos to file, I probably would do, erm... probably, yeah, by cat-egory, so... I think I probably would put 'Kitten' underneath. Okay. Depends how they originally came. But if it was Terry Google and Sons... Yeah. You type in 'funny cat photo', they'd have to get the cat out and the camera out and take the photo to send you it. That's true. That's Victorian Google for you. They telegram it over. Send it round with a courier. Lad turns up with a hand-cranked projector, 'You wanted a funny cat video, sir?' Oddly, that is the same sound as taking the cat out of the file there. I was going to say. Sitting there with your brandy — 'Heh! Heh! Heh! Most amusing.' The horse was known for a few things: for her willingness to eat nearly anything, including... Including ammunition. Nearly. About thirty dollars' worth of something... Gun cotton. Poker chips. Waiting for her to 'cash out' about a day later... It's like a one-armed bandit. Bar... bar... bar... hrm. Booomf! Also the first horse in the Marine Corps known to have participated in a certain type of military operation. Formation skydiving. I mean, I'd like to see that... It's not technically a military operation. I've just realized. Both military operations and medical operations happen in a theatre. Ahh! You're right. Yeah. The theatre of war... This is not funny, I've just realized they're the same words. Profound. Yeah. I mean, I can't give you a point for it... Give him some biscuits, at least. Really? It's not worth biscuits. Come on! I don't think it's worth a biscuit. I'm going to be — aaa! Oooh! What happens now? Biscuits! Stolen biscuits! We're looking for a type of military operation. Some kind of big thing you wouldn't expect a horse to be involved in. USO show. Ocean landing. Yes! [DING] Absolutely. Point. In fact, that, you can have the biscuits you just stole for. Amphibious landing. Doors open: at the front is a grizzled-looking horse with a cigar in his mouth. 'Let's do this.' 'What's the matter with you? You wanna live forever?' Was awarded, first of all, two Purple Hearts, which is the medal you get for... Being wounded. Point. [DING] Absolutely right. The Marines taught Reckless battlefield survival skills, such as...? We're talking 1950s here. Negotiate spiky things put in the way to slow you down? I'll take — literally, I'll give you a point for that. [DING] How not to become entangled in barbed wire. Helicopter. How would you teach it? You'd just go: 'No. No!' I don't know how you train a horse. Put the carrots round the barbed wire rather than through. And how to lie down when under fire. Also, if she heard 'Incoming!' she would run for a bunker. ...killing soldiers in its path! Smashing. I don't know if a horse can fit in a bunker, but... Is it stuck in the door with its hooves just clipping on the concrete? [Whinnying] Winnie the Pooh wedged in Rabbit's burrow, legs going. Putting on its flash goggles and radiation suit as well, obviously. They should put webbing on the horse, so as it's cantering for the... Guys just grabbing on the side and getting dragged to safety. 'Tell you what, boys — just follow the horse, eh? Ha ha.' What happened the first time that the recoilless rifle — basically, the rocket launcher — was fired near her? Did it not properly not-recoil, and she was fired backward about a hundred yards? No... Not at her, near her? Near her. Did she run away? Did she spit out her gum and go, 'Call that a bang?' All four feet left the ground, as she jumped — it's a difficult thing for a horse. Wow. Imagine if you could hear the horse's words, you'd see: '****!!' "You never told me it'd be that loud!" What did they do to train her? Pop paper bags behind her or something like that? 'Bang.' Basically, by the end of the mission... 'Bang.' Hold up a flash card. By the end of the mission she was used to it. When learning a new delivery route, she would only need someone to lead her a few times, and then she would make the trips on her own. 'Yeah, yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine. All right, I'll do it.' Goes behind a bush, waits there for an hour. Throws everything off and comes back, like you's'd do on your paper round. 'Yeah, I took it.' There was a standing order not to ride her, but during the Battle of Vegas Hill... Ohhh! ...what happened? Somebody did. [DING] Went to a casino. With a man on her back. Obviously someone rode her. What might they have travelled through? Three casinos and a Siegfried and Roy show. Did they traverse a river? No. Atomic test site. More dangerous than that; less dangerous than that. The enemy line. Minefield. Ah. 'Well, I've got a ton of horse between the mine and me, I'll be all right.' Yeah. In my head... [Trotting sounds] And there's an explosion and it's just rider and horse: [Rising sound] [Falling sound] That's how she did the vertical takeoff when she was surprised. Yeah. But — antipersonnel minefield? Or anti-tank minefield? Doesn't say. I didn't know there was much of a difference. Yeah. Pressure. Well, two differences. Pressure... Anti-tank goes off when you put however many tons through it, and goes off immediately. Yeah. Anti-personnel goes off under much lighter pressure, but goes off after you pass by. Why? Blows up behind you, and gets everyone. And gets everyone in line, right. So, my question to you is: if you are travelling fast enough on a racehorse... ALL: Oooh! Do you get heroes-never-look-back explosions? Can you imagine being the man in the enemy trench, seeing someone riding a horse through a minefield, with a following trail of explosions, as a grizzled, combat-ready horse strolls through with a cigar in its mouth? You can just imagine the guy behind enemy lines going: And as the horse comes up, spitting out the cigar and the chewing tobacco and going, 'Got any more?' The noise, though! 'What caused that?' '...a horse...!' I mean, the answer is still probably: no, you end up with chunks of horse. Yes, let's be honest here. Or as we call it now, delicious, delicious lasagna. Yes. But I do like the way that Gary is writing the comic book... Yeah. Just writing the comic book character of this. After retiring from active service, there was a campaign to get her back to the United States, to the country that she'd now served. Does anyone want to guess how that played out? Bit like Saving Private Ryan? Another crack squad of horses is sent in... No! Sailed from Yokohama — Hold on... this horse served in the Pacific? Yes, bought at Seoul Racetrack. Oh yeah, I forgot all that bit. I thought... In my head it was in Europe. I do apologize. Horse with a flamethrower! 1950s. — Ahhh. Korea. — The Korean War. Yup. The ship went through a typhoon. Horse: still fine. Horse probably drove the boat. The entire crew dead... Horse at the wheel. 'We're getting home!' [Whinny] In horse, yes. What was the first problem with getting off in San Francisco? Seasickness. Er, no. Horse had vommed everywhere. Not enough gimbals on the boat. Thing is — yes, you can have a point, that did happen. [DING] But we're talking problems when we get there. Scurvy horse. Nope. Quarantine? Er... yeah, I'll give you a point for that. [DING] Customs were fine, but the Department of Agriculture insisted on full lab tests, which would make her late for the banquet where she was to be guest of honour. Two things. One: you're going to argue with a fully armed, combat experienced horse. Yes. Two: I'm glad she's going to a banquet where she's a guest and not the main course. That's true, yes. Why did the Marines consider that lab test to be a bit of an affront to her honour? Did she have to pee in a jar? You know, you're along kind of the right lines there. It was a blood test, but... Was it an STD test? Point! Yes. [DING] Oh my God. They were testing for dourine, which is an equine STI. Did she have it? No. She's been away a long time. It did happen a lot, you know. No, she made it to the Marine Corps Birthday Ball, in which she rode — — in a dress! Sorry... In a ball gown. What did she get to ride in order to get there? An even bigger horse! An open-top carriage. A carousel. No, no. I'll give you a hint: it was not held on the ground floor here. In a lift?! In a lift! They put a horse — Sorry, this horse has been in combat, and the most amazing thing is they've put a horse in a lift? [Elevator music] [Whinny] At which point, someone is on the third floor, has been drinking heavily all night, the lift doors open and there's a horse in a ball gown — with medals... Puts the bottle down, picks up something stronger... Congratulations, Chris — you win this week's show. Hahey! You win a pigeon! Just one? Although you do have to collect it from Trafalgar Square. Game on! Bring him his butterfly net! With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel! Matt Gray! And Gary Brannan. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time! He's got the beard, I've got the bulk. Wow. That's a slogan there. Let's make lots of money! Where's the hyphen in that? I'm trying to diagram the sentence. Anywhere you can put a hyphen changes it. Is it an Australian bird? No, it's not. If he didn't win a sporting event, or invent some kind of metalworking process, then quite frankly I am out of here. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! But, soft! What light through yonder Matthew breaks? Everybody's favourite...that's not light that's breaking through him(!) Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. Can I compare thee to a summer's day? No. And the bounciest man on the Internet, Matt Gray. Hej hej YouTube! In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING]. And the special prize for particularly good answers, which is... That is not my buzzer. That is my glass. That really hurt! --There you go, Tom. --Thanks. The only way that would've been better is if you'd picked the buzzer up, trying to drink it, and it went "parp"! Aroogah! Biscuits for everyone. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING]. And there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about the Shanghai Fugu Agreement. No, no, fugu. Fugu. There you go. We'll take the biscuits. Laws for preparing poisonous fish? Ooh! I'll give you a point for poisonous fish, yes [DING]. Absolutely. Tell me about fugu. I saw it on the Simpsons. The thing is, so many people sat there watching are going 'Fugu!... Simpsons.' "I don't care buddy, fugu me!" All that stuff. "Poison, poison, tasty fish." Yeah, that is essentially it. It is a toxic fish that has to be really, really carefully prepared. How many years of training do they need for that? Many? Some? Until they get it right? Gary gets the point. Three. [DING] "First, catch a puffer fish." [SHICK] "I've gone wrong." You went, argh! Aww... What does fugu poison do to you, if it goes wrong? It's paralytic isn't it? --Neurotoxin --Yes Yes, have a point [DING]. In fact both of you [DING]. It's a tetrodotoxin. -- Ooh! -- Ooh! On the tip of my tongue, dear boy. Poisons tetras? It's got three of them. Five of them? It's what's known as a sodium channel blocker. Of course(!) Paralyses the muscles, while the victim stays fully conscious. What's the antidote? There is none! Point! [DING] Absolutely right, there is none. Aw, I thought it was going to be chips. That'll be really handy, because fugu and chips were... no, it's not like nettles and dock leaves. Mushy peas? Pie and peas? --Wouldn't it be great if it was something like... --Get it down yer, you'll be fine. Wouldn't it be great if it was something like that, that in Japanese cuisine, they just hadn't come across? So an excellent antidote to puffer fish toxin... is parkin. Or something like that. Mucky fat and bread. Anyone who is not from Yorkshire, is now Googling the phrase 'mucky fat'. Aww beaut... And probably finding out some things they didn't want to know. Yeah. Mucky fat on toast. Mucky...Toast? Ours just goes on bread. Bit of salt and some onion. Normally salty enough. Well, I know. A relative of mine, I'll leave the person un-named, for reasons of them being a relative of mine. But maybe not from the local area. We'll just leave it as broad as that, right. Was at a Yorkshire Day party, we were at. Yorkshire Day, first of August, for the anniversary of the Battle of Minden. For those of you at home. Which I know isn't in Yorkshire, but 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt you, that's why. We get the weather. Erm... We were at a Yorkshire Day party. Mucky fat on bread was being handed round. At which point, the person announced 'Oh! Pâté.' Ah! No!...No. At which point we all nodded slowly, whilst smiling. As the person wolfed down three slices. And then we told them what mucky fat was. Which is beef dripping. For those of you who don't know what beef dripping is, that's just beef fat, that's fell off beef. With bits of beef in it. It's the stuff that's melted off, when they're cooking it or doing anything... It's "residue". It is a residue. Salty residue. Tasty residue. It is brown... i.e. mucky. And you just spread it on bread. Or toast, should you wish your bread to be harder. "Toast! For if you want your bread to be harder." That's the marketing done for the next 20 years. We've talked about condiments on toast before. Let's move on. There is now safe fugu. Puffer fish bred that don't have the toxin in them? Yes. Absolutely. Well not necessarily bred. Punched! Stop it! Punch the toxin out of them. Specially squose. Before preparations... Wring it out. Persuaded. "Oh, be nice." "Don't have it in!" Where does the toxin in the fugu come from? It's like the skin and the fins or something? --Gall bladder? --Oh, no, the skin is usually non-poisonous. It's the liver...also the ovaries and eyes. But mainly the liver. The eyes?! The eyes. Oh my god, it's got poisonous eyes. That's a bit dark. Yeah. But where does that come from? Is it what it eats? --Point! --Ooooh! [DING] Absolutely right. It's the food that it eats. It's from other animals... that have tetrodotoxin laden bacteria in them. So it's eating the nerve poison. Why doesn't it get poisoned? Because it's got a very good... liver-y excretory system. It's very, very hardcore. You know what? I'm going to give you the point there [DING]. It develops immunity over time. So initially is this fish a bit paralysed while it's eating all these bacteria laden toxins that it's built up in its system? I think you are also right that it's got a very strong system as well. Yeah. But it can just continue eating this stuff and it just absorbs it into itself, as it does with any chemical. And it just, you know, pulls it out. That's it. It's a toxic fish. That's like when I was at school and there was that lad called John who just ate nettles. Raw. Go on...! I've told the story. There was a lad called John, who just ate... He didn't just eat nettles. That wasn't his entire diet. But he would eat nettles. Why? --I don't know?! --Summat t'do, innit? It was funny? He maybe liked the sensation? I think he might have... What, the stung up tongue?! I'm not him! Why should I defend the man's weird mistakes in life? I don't know. You might work with him. You might be in your office and come in one day, pop open his lunch box and lo and behold, there's a bloody spitting adder and some nettles. He's gone on in life. If you do work with someone called John. Ask them when you see them next. Did you eat nettles as a kid? Because we might be able to track him down. Well he's the one with the really swollen up lips, I imagine! So with those fish. Is there one that's... is it like humans? There's this one that's gluten intolerant? Like we have. "Oh I can't eat that, I'm tetrodotoxin intolerant." Yes, because they are farming poison-free fugu by keeping them away from those bacteria, keeping them in tanks. --"Oh sorry, I've got a specific diet." --I was going to say... [ENGINE NOISE] Not that kind of tank! That'd make them more, rather than less dangerous, wouldn't it? Yeah! We got some... "Don't eat me!" "Got some really deadly fish here." "Oh why, has it got toxin...?" --"No! It's got a 12 bore cannon!" --"No, it's driving a tank!" Underwater weapons. But then, if you put poisonous ones in the tank. You couldn't even engage in hand to hand combat. ...you alright there? I'm stuck in a tank. Since 1958 chefs have to be licensed to prepare and sell fugu. Which takes about three years. Licence to fugu! What does the licensing involve? Not killing the assessor. "That was delicious, and I'm still breathing." --No. The thing is... --"Very well done." Who eats the fish? Themselves! --Oh, him! --Yes, have a point [DING]. That makes sense. They eat their own fish. So there is no-one on this earth who has failed the test? And is a chef. And is a chef. You're absolutely right. Only about 35% actually pass. -- What? -- Because mild poisoning will mess you up or it will be "oh, yeah, you've clearly got a small dose there, you're feeling ill." But it won't kill you. --A small dose... --So they've got near enough to their pound of flesh --Yes. --Which leaves you with a tingly mouth --You've got about five... --For a few days. Yeah. Erm, but what are the parts of the test? Catch your fugu fish. Yes! There's the making. But then there's the cleaning up afterwards. So you don't infect everything. --Well that's a fair point. --We've got preparing and eating. But there's, before we even get to preparing and eating... Identifying a fugu fish. Correct! [DING] In fact... Because it literally says, 'a fish identification test'. --That's cod. --A fish. That's a fish. That's a beef. That's a fish. So yes. That's your second one. I mean, it kind of echoes the British driving test really. Because that's your hazard perception. And then you've got your practical. What bit are we missing? --Theory. --Theory. Point over there to Matt Gray [DING]. You also have a written theory test. What happens if you feed fugu to someone, and you haven't done it properly? "They are dead." Yes. How many people in Tokyo are hospitalised, every year roughly, through fugu... Thirteen? OK, we're clearly doing Price is Right rules here, aren't we? Thirteen. I...I think it will be quite a high number. Because I can see it being a bit like ordering a really stupidly hot curry. You ask specifically for one that hasn't been neutralised. That isn't the neutral one. --You ask specifially for a poisoned one. --I bet there's a little thing. I bet there's a thing with some people that they like to eat it a little bit of the toxin still in So they get a little bit of a tingle, or something like that. So I think it's gonna be in... s it every year, did you say? --Per year, in total. I reckon, less than a hundred, but not much less. I think nine. Just 'cos that was the number that popped into my head. I'm going to give that to Gary. It's somewhere between about 35-65 each year, [DING] --That's the order of magnitude then. --Yeah. And between 0 and 6 die. Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt the bed. What are some of the reasons you might get poisoned? Particularly if you've been prepared by an amateur. Eating the poison? --Well yeah. --He's good, he's good(!) The lad's sharp(!) Improper methods is in there. But there's one other thing. We've already covered it in the test. Licking the knife. Being served it incorrectly, by identifying the wrong fish? Correct. They didn't think it was a fugu fish. [DING] Does it look... It must look like a different fish. It looks like a lot of other fish. Oh s***! "Lovely sea bass...!" [SLOBBERS] [SLURRING] This is a very piquant sauce. Cod. Death cod! "Now remember I put the death cod on the left, the good on the right." "Remember, right for the death cod, left for the good cod." "Right, left. Remember that!" "Right? Good!" "Oh s***!" And they're in the same type of pan! All of which brings us back to the Shanghai Fugu Agreement. Which is 1985 in Germany. Do they agree that they won't sell fugu in Europe? Yeah, they won't export it. That's not something you really agree on with people from Shanghai, is it? We agree we are god-damn not selling your killer fish, right! This is the Green Party. Who are locked in a coalition agreement -- their very first ever coalition agreement -- with the Social Democrats, in one of the German states. And they are going into coalition, and they put forward -- on the last day of negotiations they demand that they sign the Shanghai Fugu Agreement. And this is an agreement to help with what? What do you need to prepare fugu? Knives! Fugu! Chefs! Yep. I'll give you a point there. You need chefs. [DING] How do you get chefs to Germany? On a train? But what permissions do they need, to get in there? A licence? Visas? Gary's got the point there again. [DING] They need visas. And so the Shanghai Fugu Agreement is a set of international regulations. There's a special set of visas for certified fugu chefs. They demanded that was one of the things they should sign. What's the problem with that agreement? It's wrong. In what way? --Shanghai? --Yeah? That's China isn't it? Mm. That's one of the problems with it(!) --That's one of quite a few. --That's not where they eat it. And -- it is, it's pan-Asian anyway. But it's not, you know...what it's famous for. It's completely fake. Aaaaw! What?! The Greens had been in negotiations for days, were sick of the negotiations, made up a completely fake agreement, and added it to the list of demands and the minister they were arguing with, just went 'yes, OK, fine! Yep. Wonderful.' I bet after that, they were kicking themselves, that they couldn't do something more fun than that. No! No-one noticed. They could have made everyone wear jelly on a Sunday. The negotiators didn't notice, The civil servants didn't notice. They could have banned the apostrophe! They could have done anything! The press didn't notice. It took years before someone went: --"Oh yeah!" --"What is that?" "Remember when we did that?" "We have made it so that no one called Keith may enter the country!" You know, you could do that. So did they draw up an agreement? No. They just required that the Social Democrats be party to the Shanghai Fugu Agreement. Completely faked. Without having read it. The fun you could have in that situation. So congratulations, at the end of that, Gary, you win this week's show. Well done! You win a confederate general made out of interlocking stones without any mortar. No! --Yep! Got it! --Go for it. Go for it. He's got it for once. A Dry Stone-Wall Jackson! Yes! He's got it! With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, -- to Matt Gray... -- Goodbye YouTube. I've been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. We are doing an experimental live show of this with a live audience. If you would like to be part of that, then details are on screen now. Close enough to touch! Don't... don't do that. No touching. Would you like to see our faces in person and admire us at closer distance than this? We're doing an experimental live show and you could be there should you wish to. Do you want to see us in slightly lower resolution than on GoPro footage? We'll be doing an experimental live show! Do you want to see this before it's been edited down from 40 minutes into 10? Well, we might be doing an experimental live show! You can watch us, pre-editing(!) I don't think you want to, really(!) Do you like jokes that you really can't hear because they're libelous, too rude, or frankly insulting? Then feel free to watch us go harder and longer in our experimental live show! Do you want an hour of the post-credits sequence? Come and see the experimental new live show! Bear in mind, that we edit quite a lot out of this. -- The bit in the post credits? It's this. -- Like half an hour of the post-credits... It's very important to stress that the experimental live show is not the kind of experimental live show you might see in Amsterdam. That said, the live show is over-18 only because at some point one of us is going to make a joke that could get us in trouble. And we're all going to say 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt at some point(!) ****, ****, willies and *******! Come see Tech Dif Live! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Behind me is HMS Defender, one of the new generation of Royal Navy ships. It is an incredible piece of engineering, capable of taking out a small drone at 40km distance, capable of tracking 2,000 targets at once. 'Cos it's a destroyer, and it is meant to defend itself and the rest of the fleet by taking out incoming missiles before they even come close. It is a masterpiece of modern warfare engineering. [MUSIC: Rule Britannia] But like all big ships, it has a design flaw that you really can't get around -- as long as you're building something out of steel. If you take that much metal, and put it through a big magnetic field -- like, say, the Earth's, as it sails around -- then it's going to start picking up magnetism. It's going to start diverting compasses. It's going to start being detected by magnetic mines, which were developed during World War 2 and afterwards to home in on any big source of magnetic signals -- like, say, a ship that's been sailing for a while -- and detonate next to them. We're talking sea mines here, by the way, not land mines. So how do you defend against that? Well, nowadays you use very complicated degaussing equipment on board a ship. But in the past, you used to drag a 2,000 amp electrical cable down the side, or set up an enormous degaussing coil that is bigger than the ship itself, and -- well, do the same thing that you used to do to CRT monitors when you pushed a button and they went 'dong' and distorted for a while. But what if you want to get close to a mine? What if your ship's job is to get rid of mines, and you need to get close enough to spot them without setting them off? Docked just downriver from Tower Bridge is this: HMS Middleton, a Hunt-class mine countermeasures vessel. It's a minesweeper, bascially, which means it can tell how many mines are in adjacent grid squares -- no, I'm kidding. It seeks out and destroys mines. But it's able to do that without the mines detecting it and detonating it because this is not made of metal. This ship is made of glass-reinforced plastic. It's able to find and destroy mines that are hunting for magnetic things because, well, it's not made of anything magnetic. It's just a plastic boat. Sounds terrible when I put it like that, but well: this class of vessel can do more damage to one specific threat than anything else in the Royal Navy. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me in the studio today: he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! Spoken suggesters of salacious superlative are we. You got an S! Yes! Everybody's favorite Gary Brannan: Gary Brannan! And now on Radio 3: Flatulence from the Royal Albert Hall. And the bounciest man on the internet: Matt Gray! Hello YouTube! In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING] And there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... And today we are talking about Sidney Abram Weltmer. Oooh! If he didn't win a sporting event or invent some kind of metalworking process, then quite frankly, I am out of here. Right, so that's two things narrowed there. Neither of those! See, the thing is, you do the walk off and then you either have to commit to it, or you have to do the awkward walk back that you just did. Oh, it's always the awkward walk back. It's the 'teacher walking to the dance floor at the school disco' walk, is how I like to call it. Yes. Yup. Sidney Abram Weltmer. He did invent something. I will actually give you a point. [DING] Thank you. He has invented something. It's not a steelworking process. It's not even vaguely engineering. But it is a ridiculous invention. Is it an American person? Er... yes. Wooster, Ohio. Have a point. [DING] Cat-powered glider. I'm still going to count that as being under engineering. [Laughter] I would like to Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt a cat powered glider, but... Mraaaaow! Cat-powered, that's — a glider, not exactly powered. There's a logical fallacy in there. You can't have a powered glider. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. Sorry. I love the fact we're all glossing over the cat part, we're all just quibbling with 'powered glider'. For all the power that a cat is going to supply, it is a glider. Despite having an ostensible power source. They'll just be stood at the back, looking disinterested. Also: always going to land the right way down. Sidney Abram Weltmer. Was it something literary that they came up with? No, no. 1858 – 1930. He came up with the 'Weltmer Method', otherwise known as 'Weltmerism'. Oh. Is it... I was going to say farming, but that sounds more like religion. Oh. You're closer with religion, but not that close. Certainly something... Schooling. A way of timing downhill skiing. [Laughter] The Weltmer Method! — Exactly. — Yeah. One one thousand! [Sesame Street 'Count' voice] Two one thousand! Brick wall! Boomf! Is it... the one that begins with an H, I don't remember what it's called? Is it about measuring ghosts? Oh, hololistic... holololistic... Moloholololololomystic methods? Harmystic legison, there? Holololo... solo... syllogistic... If anyone can actually get the words out, they'll get... Holistic medicine! ...I'll give you a point for it. No, give it to him, he thought of it. [DING] That's the one with the really diluted stuff. Holistic medicine. No, you're thinking homeop... — Homeopathy. — Oh, homeopaths. It's not homeopathy. It's something a little bit weirder than even that. Something that you do as a programme, or in a belief sense. You believe you're better, so you are better. Ooh. I'm going to give Matt the point for that, clearly. [DING] It's a placebo effect? It's suggestions and hypnosis. He called it 'magnetic healing'. Ohhh! As opposed to Marvin Gaye's 'Sexual Healing'. [Laughter] So he provided classes in magnetic healing. I don't think it actually had anything to do with magnets. I mean... Well, you can have him on one point then, can't you. [Laughter] No, it was all to do with charisma. Well, I think — yes, in the sense of 'magnetic personality'. Klonk! [Laughter] Yeah. Rather than a sense of... [Grunts] My ferric shoulder, apparently. Matt Gray's ferric shoulder. But this was 'magnetic' in the sense of charisma. It was clairvoyance and hypnotic suggestion. So someone schmoozes you better, effectively? Essentially, yeah. It's Derek ****ing Acorah, isn't it? It is a little bit Derek Acorah, yeah. Derek Acorah doesn't heal people. Nor did this bloke. For those of you in the 'abroads' parts of the world, Derek Acorah's professional title is [Music] ' — BISCUITS! (Oh yeah!)' [Laughter] Erm... Tom, just bleep the whole thing out. That's what you're going to do. [Laughter] Just have... The technical term for Derek Acorah is this: You'll get that in due course, gentlemen. [Laughter] Yes, that's about right. He founded the Institute of Suggestive Therapeutics. That's brilliant! Eh? Eh? Know what I mean? The Institute of Made-Up Things! Yeah, essentially, yes. Well, suggestion in the sense that he would suggest to you. And what was he trying to cure? Hysteria. Gonna say, some kind of mental health condition. Broken toes. We're talking late 19th-century quackery, aren't we really? A little bit, yeah. Tobacco addiction. So he was kind of doing hypnotherapy for... — That was a thing back then? — That was... Because I thought of that, but then I thought that was too far ago for people to even notice. So effectively, people were paying to come to his office while he's sat there, in his nicest suit and his most leatherbound of chairs, and just kind of go, 'You don't really want fags, do you?' — 'Stop smoking!' — Yeah. 'You don't really fancy one now.' 'How are you feeling?' 'Won't like a fag.' 'Come back, give me a tenner next time.' Yeah. Suggestive, though, isn't it like: 'Have you tried, you know...? Not? Not being addicted?' There were physical ailments in there as well. Nowadays we've got a little thing you go [puff] for, but in those days... — Asthma? — Asthma? Yep. Point. [DING] 'Have you tried breathing properly?' That's pretty much what it was. 'You sound like you're breathing fine to me, I have to say.' A ten-day course cost a hundred dollars, which doesn't sound like much until you realize this was 1897. What's that now? A simple calculation is about three thousand dollars for a course there, in modern money... that would tell you to cure your asthma by thinking about it. Well, not bad. If someone were to pay me three grand for telling you you're fine, I can do that as well! [Laughter] I'd say postal order, or white fivers in non-sequential numbereds. Erm... there is also a large section here on Controversy. — Oh, really? — Yes. I can't believe that. Some preachers and doctors were not convinced... 'Some preachers' — oh God. ...of the validity of his methods. But some were cool with it, and were getting a cut as well, no doubt. Was his retort, 'Have you tried thinking that you The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt fine with me doing this?' Yeah! [Laughter] What did the U.S. Postmaster General do? Punched him in the nuts. [Laughter] 'Go on, pretend *this*!' Boosh! 'Hoooh!' 'Go on, think yourself better off that!' 'Urghhh!' ...as he's dry-heaving on the floor. 'Liar!' he cried, as he emptied letters all over him. [Laughter] He did cry 'Liar', I'll give you a point for that. Spit take! He did cry 'Liar', I'll give you a point for that [DING], amidst the nut-hittery that was in there. What can the Postmaster General do, though? Fly. [Laughter] What *options* does the Postmaster General have? — Nuclear. — First or second class. Ha! Signed for! Signed for: nut kick! [Laughter] 'I'm not signing that!' 'Well, I can deliver it to next door.' 'Go ahead.' 'We tried to deliver: A NUT KICK today.' 'When would you like us to redeliver?' 'Return to sender.' It's one of the few times where the mail service will be delivering An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt a package. ALL: Wahey! You're on form today! Yaay! This joke sponsored by Radio 4. Postmaster General... They called him a liar. Yes. Called him a fraud and therefore...? Er... well, took his inhaler. Refused to deliver. Which the Postmaster General could do. Really! 'I'm sorry, you're talking ****, I'm not going to deliver anything to you.' — 'I'm not delivering your letters.' — Yeah. The U.S. Supreme Court eventually decided in Weltmer's favour, and the Postmaster General was forced to continue delivering. Himself. But it went to the U.S. Supreme Court. Royal Mail can't do that. No, Royal Mail have to continue delivering. What if the Queen — it is her mail service... What if she decides a guy's a bit of a 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt [Queen voice] 'I don't want him to get letters, he has to go to the depot.' Isn't that basically what Prince Charles does these days? — What, go to the depot and fetch letters for his Mum? — Yeah, I reckon. No, sorry — meddles in things, and goes, 'No.' Well, he tries to and they ignore him. Yes. Going down to the depot: 'She's got a bloody Amazon package again!' 'The entirety of Game of Thrones! She's been on her own one for sixty years!' ...he quips, and nobody laughs at him. 'The thing is, they left a card saying nobody was in!' 'We have over three hundred members of staff!' 'Who was not at the door when they knocked!' 'I don't believe they did!' No, the delivery person got to the front gate, and there's just a guy in a hat, stood still. 'Could you sign...? Sorry, could you sign for this, please?' '...could... could you sign...' Just writes 'hand delivered' on it and sticks it in his hat. Just poking out of Marge Simpson's hair. — Oh ****! — What? I didn't hit Record. Mail was restored. The U.S. Supreme Court decided in his favour. But it did make it all the way to the Supreme Court. There was also a case brought before the Supreme Court of Missouri, against the Reverend M. Bishop, for libel. And frankly, 'Reverend Bishop' is a pretty good name. You want him to keep going up the clerical scale. Because if you don't get Archbishop Bishop... Diagonally up. — Yeah, diagonally. — Ha-hey! Why was there a libel case against Reverend Bishop? What did he call Weltmer? A nobber. That's — no, in U.S. law, that's opinion, and that's fine. — Oh, okay. — Really! Yeah. U.S. libel law... Hello, Acorah? Yeah. No, U.S. libel law is much less strict than the U.K.'s. Opinion is justified in the First Amendment. In my opinion, Derek Acorah is a ****. That's fine. Actually, genuine exemption under U.K. libel law for vulgar abuse. 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt ****! [Laughter] Those are his middle names. Ah! That's a statement of fact. Oho! Anyway — what did Bishop call Weltmer? A ****bag. Opinion. A factual ****bag. A liar. Yeah, I'll give you the point. [DING] 'Miserable charlatan'. Oooh! You see, 'a charlatan', he could take. But actually he was a fellow full of joie de vivre. [Laughter] He wasn't going to stand for that! 'What! I throw the very best of parties. I just don't understand!' 'I'm not having "miserable"!' 'My magnetic personality!' 'I Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt everyone I throw the very best of parties and they seem to believe me.' [Laughter] The Institute, though, treated a huge number of people. At its height, how many people a day went through its doors, paying about a hundred 1895 dollars each? It's going to be a high number if you're asking us to guess it. — Yeah. — How many people a day? How many people a day went through, paying... Couple of hundred? Twenty. I was going to ballpark somewhere around Gary, so... Yeah. Four hundred. [DING] About four hundred a day, paying what is now about three grand each. So it wasn't just him, then? It wasn't just him. Seventeen healers, a hundred stenographers and typists to process mail. This was a big institute. This is bull**** on an industrial scale. Yeah, it really is. Just raking it in for going, 'Ah, you're fine.' Yeah. Right, chaps, we need to get in on this racket. Whoa, whoa. Engage the time machine, we'll make a mint. There is one practitioner here, J.O. Crone. — 'Genuine Old Crone'. — Yep. Oh, no, it'd be G, wouldn't it. Ah, whatever. You're not going to get a more late 19th-century name than 'J.O. Crone', are you really? How much training did you get before... None! Yes, absolutely right. [DING] He wrote of his first hypnosis, of a woman patient: '...this was my first attempt to hypnotize a patient.' Can you imagine busking, trying to get someone to be hypnotized? And just viciously making it up at that point in time. 'So just, er, lie down... close your eyes...? That working for you?' 'Yes! It is, isn't it? Oooh, you're feeling sleepy!' Well, there will be placebo effect, people who want to play along...&nbsp; it may still have worked. Particularly if she'd been there before a couple of times, and knew the procedure. She might have walked out of there *feeling* better. One of the people he hired, of course, had the Vicious Punching Method of getting people to be hypnotized. 'Go! To! Sleep!' 'Well, me asthma's gone, but me eye really aches.' [Laughter] There was also a book. There was of course a book. What do you reckon it was about? 'I Can Bull**** You Better.' No, you see, it wasn't on the side of 'this is how to heal someone'... Accounting? Oh, did you do it as a correspondence course? No, Matt, I'm going to give you a point again. [DING] 'How to make magnetic healing pay'. He's not even making it out that it's actually useful, is he? He's just about 'Me And My Money: How I Got Your Cash'. '...a thorough knowledge of Magnetic Healing alone will not bring success...' '...a knowledge of the business side [...] is necessary as well.' It was a get-rich-quick scheme. I should point out here: you can't libel the dead. And he's definitely dead. So I'm going to describe that as a get-rich-quick scheme. As you can't libel the dead: ******. Again: opinion. Well, on that opinion, congratulations Matt. You win this week's show, quite clearly. Congratulations — you win tiny deep-fried mashed potato balls, presented by an American folk hero every day for a week. No! Gno...cchi...? No, go on... They are Davy Crockett's dainty croquettes daily. — Ughh! — Heyy! With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel! Matt Gray! Gary Brannan! I've been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. [Laughter] All: Oooh! That is my rank in the army. [Laughter] Have a point. [DING] Sergeant Major — Sergeant Reckless! — You get a point for... — Yay! ...for successfully saying this is something or someone. Right, that's the end, we can go home. Personal b... Right, see you, everybody. [Laughter] That's us done for the day. Will you both...! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
For this week's guest video, you're probably going to need subtitles. So if they're not on automatically, you can turn them on in your device settings. And you'll need them because this week's guest is Rikki Poynter, a deaf vlogger who makes videos in both English and American Sign Language. She has asked me to apologise for accidentally fingerspelling in front of her face a couple of times here, apparently that can be rude. So, Rikki: [signs in BSL:] Over to you! Hello! As you’ve read from the title, sign language is not universal. For many years now, I’ve seen many comments from people on the Internet thinking that there’s only one sign language in the whole world. But… they’re wrong. There are actually about more than 300 sign languages in the entire world. Even all English speaking countries don’t share the same sign language. For example, the United States speaks English and uses American Sign Language. England also speaks English, but do they use ASL? No, they use BSL. Why is ASL different from BSL? ASL is more like or based off LSF (French Sign Language) as the first sign language teacher in the U.S., L... er -- Laurent Clerc, was from France. He came to the U.S. to teach and thus ASL was born. Here are some more examples: Australia uses Auslan. Canada does use ASL; however, Quebec actually uses LSQ. Now, here’s an exception. While sign language isn’t exactly universal, there is this thing called International Sign or IS. This is typically used in big events where deaf people from all over gather. For example, Deaflympics. Oh, hey, I spelled it right. But it’s important to know that IS also differs. It's also not the same everywhere. Of course, just like you may see similarities in spoken languages, you will see them in various sign languages. For example, the ASL sign for “I’m sorry” is this. You’ll see the same one used in BSL. Sometimes, you’ll see a sign used in multiple sign languages. “Where?” in ASL is “What?” in BSL. Naturally, people wonder, “Why can’t we have just one sign language? Wouldn’t it be easier that way?” If that happened, that would make things boring. Yes, it would probably make things easier, but we already have different spoken languages, so why not have different sign languages? Different cultures and languages make life interesting. It makes us all unique. When it comes to deaf history, there’s a lot of detail. But if you want to learn more, I definitely encourage you to do so. It can be difficult to keep it condensed for a video. I hope you all learned something new today. Thank you all for watching and thank you, Tom, for allowing me to be here to make this video for you. Maybe I’ll see you all later? Bye! Go subscribe to Rikki's channel! And remember, she's a vlogger: that is a channel about her life, not just "all your sign language questions answered"! I figure I should set expectations there. Next week, a video that's a little bit related but also a little bit musical.
Today's show is sponsored by new Findus Toilet Wallets! We're not sure what they are either. We sell 'em, you smell 'em! You just open it: [Mechanical door noise] This is the Technical Difficulties. We are playing Citation Needed. I have an almost-randomly selected article from everybody's favourite source of knowledge, Wikipedia, in front of me, and these folks cannot see it. Every fact that they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and there is a prize for particularly good answers which is... And your topic today is: 'simplehuman'. [Laughter] Hello! Hi! Pass a bigger shovel, we're going to be digging deep today. I use the cardinal directions of 'up', 'down', 'left' and 'right'. I think I qualify. Is it like the whole Simple English thing, or something? Oh, like a simpler version of the language? Yeah, is it sort of an overall thing to try and achieve that in humanity or something, or...? No. Is it an album? Ooh, no it's not, but that's a nice prog rock album title there. I was going to say, 'Simple Human' is a... That is pretty much Granddaddy. Yeah, I thought it would be something like that. Okay... Let's get the obvious — is it an LP, is it a film, or something like that? Is it media? Is it a medium? It's not media at all. Okay. Is it some kind of eco-revolution? Ooo, not really, no. Oh sure, like a Good Life thing. A notion about how mankind used to exist... pre-evolutionary or something like that? You're all thinking really quite big-picture here, and not at all commercial. — Commercial? — Commercial. Oh, do they make bog roll? Oh, you know what, you're getting a point. [DING] What! It's not that close... They make rubbish bins, but that's close enough out of the blue that I'm going to... That's like standing in a pub with a dart in your hand, spinning around three times with your eyes closed, doing THAT and getting a bulls-eye! That's how I play darts. And that's why you're banned! Oh, actually yeah, I've seen Matt play darts. Flailing! They go through to the other side and into the wall. Actually, to be fair, it's more like standing in a pub with a dart in your hand, a pint in the other hand, throwing at the dartboard and knocking everything down in the skittle alley. Yes. Yes. So simplehuman make bins. They do. They are considered, and I quote here, 'among the most high-end [trash] cans on the market today'. Can you tell me why? Why are they some of the best bins? They wear a cravat. Are they antibacterial or er, micro... biobial... — Micro-biober... — Miroberber... There were some words there, Matt. And the answer: No. Higher — Are they made of gold? Or diamonds? Or something otherwise desirable? I'll give you a point for diamonds, because it's... Carbon! ...durability. [DING] Durability? They last a long time. It's one of the reasons. Huerrr... I don't know what that noise meant. I can't count the number of times I've broken my bins. No, you literally can't, because it's zero. — Yes. [Laughs] — Yeah. Yes. I've never broken a wheelie bin or anything in my life. I mean, I've ridden in one, and I've never broken it. Are we talking dumpster-styley things, though, — Yeah, actually... — that get serious industrial... No, we're talking much... — Kitchen. — Yeah, kitchen bins. An unbreakable kitchen bin? Do they do the solar compacting thing? Are they odour-proof? Odour-suppressant? Do they play a nice tune when you put something in them? ['Shave and a haircut' melody] Do they make the tea? I seem to recall a giveaway... I feel like it was some soft drink or other, that gave you a little thing that you attached to your bin that made a noise every time you opened it. What was the noise though? All right, you come home late from the pub one night... If you're in my situation — you're a married man, you've snuck back in, not wanting to wake the wife up, you've taken your shoes off, you've done the lot... You've sneakily eaten the kebab that you said you weren't going to have, you tiptoe over to the bin... [Comedy music riff] At this point, it's good you've taken your shoes off, because you're sleeping on the couch tonight. Yeah. 'Where've you been?!' That kind of thing. Great. Thanks for making a noisy bin-thing. You're right about technologically advanced bins here, but it's one thing in particular that it does. Techno-Bins! No, that's just bins that dance to repetitive music. [Dance beat] This is not a product placement, this is just what 'Random Article' pulled up for me. Does it sift and sort and do your recycling for you? No, it's much less advanced than that. Does it play 'Free Bird'? Does it let you put rubbish in it? — No. — Yes. Easily. What would make that more — Front flap! How more easy than an open-mouthed... It's not open-mouthed. It's got an automatic lid. — Bingo! Point to you. [DING] — Ahh. It has an automatic sensor-activated lid. — I think I've seen adverts for that now. — Yup. — What... — Like, late night, on a silly channel that no one ever watches anyway. So what, you wave at it? Play a trumpet? Call it? There is just no hope left for humanity, is there really? No, not really. This is basically, you wave your hand toward the bin and it opens for you. Until of course it breaks down, at which point it just becomes... But they don't break! It says. What happens when the bin turns against you and starts throwing banana peels in your face? ...which will happen! When the monkeys take over the world, anyway. What else have they added sensors to? Because there's other kitchen and bathroom stuff they've added sensors to. Oh. Knives. I've seen sensors in knives. [Laughter] Whoa, whoa — what?! Forks! Sorry, no... It wasn't a knife, it was a fork. [Laughter] Oh God. Curry tonight's going to be entertaining, isn't it. [Caveman grunts] What would you do to a fork? What possible... When you're cooking a steak. — Ah... — It's got a temperature probe on it, and it tells you when it's done. 'Bring the temperature probe...' So surely you just need a knife and a temperature probe. Why, when you could have it in a fork that you can then use to eat it? Or something, I don't know. But it was a thing you stuck in a steak. There was another... a pan! They put a sensor in a pan as well. — What for? — Steak, again! — Okay. — I've seen it on a shopping channel. Of a pan that will tell you of what manner your steak will be done... — ...at the current temperature of pan. — Oh, okay. My big issue with this is that Brannan watches shopping channels. Of course I watch shopping channels! He's a married man. What else has he to do? Occasionally, we go down the shopping channels and go, 'Nah... Nah... Nah... Bra? Sorry, luv, no bras...' 'Trousers that make your arse look better... that one.' Saw one for pasta, as well. We're actually looking in the bathroom for this. — Scales. — Toilet. I like the idea that they put an insensitive in a scale. [Laughter] 'Step off, lardo. I can't take this any more.' That's the old gag, though, isn't it? You step on the scale, it says 'One at a time, please.' 'No coach parties.' Bog roll! GARY: That's a good place! No, it's not, actually... It's very obvious when you've run out of bog roll. But that answer's already got me points once before, so I thought I'd try it again. [Laughter] Not this time. It's not absurd, though. Not in a private bathroom, but in, like works ones, — because you've got the automatic tap sensors... — Yes. I've seen ones for, erm... You're getting close with automatic tap sensors, by the way. Yeah. And there's the things where you give it that number, and it gives you a couple of sheets to dry your hands on, so bog roll's just the next one on that stage. Yeah, but people want different amounts, don't they. You don't just want one or two sheets. Yeah, but you just go... Toilets? Everything in the bathroom apart from the one... — You've got the water, the towels... — Toilets! Showers! — Soap. — Bingo! Point. [DING] Oh yeah. [Mechanical noise] Just going back to your bog roll thing... Do you want to be sat in a work setting, in a cubicle, and if you have to do this or something to get the toilet roll to come out... It'd be great for the Queen. [Laughter] Yes. She'd never stop it. She'd just be surrounded by it. [Laughter] She'd be like an... Slowly — just this hand, as the paper rises...! It's actually the train on her wedding dress. It's winding around her hand... 'Nooo!' She looks like a naughty Andrex puppy when they find her. But the other thing is, a toilet roll dispenser telling you — like you say, in a public one — that there's not much left... — 'Go careful now!' [Laughter] 'If it was a curry, choose another stall.' Isn't that what toilet attendants used to probably do? Can you imagine? 'Not that one! She's out. Use Number 1.' Can you tell me anywhere they might be sold? We're looking for American retail stores... Walmart! Well, possibly, but we're looking for some more... Bed Bath &amp; Beyond. — Point! — Ohh! — Damn. — [DING] Spot on. I always did wonder what 'Beyond' was. Electric bins! [Laughter] Electric speaky clever bins, and toilet roll warning devices. 'Danger: Bog Roll.' I want Danger Bog Roll. 'Each sheet a new danger!' — Cactus. — 'This one is covered in crocodiles!' Croc...! [Gnashing sounds] 'There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with this one... 'Poison ivy!' But why would I? She's lovely. [Groan] No, just you've got Russian Roulette toilet paper. One's chili. Capsaicin, yeah. One sheet out of every six has poison ivy or capsaicin on it. Ohh, yes! One out of six: spearmint. Tingly, but not necessarily wrong! Mint sauce, kind of... TCP. You'd smell that one from a mile off. Witch hazel. Tea tree! That would spice up toilet breaks, wouldn't it though? Russian Toilette. Yes! Whoa, whoa, whoa! 'Wheel of Fart-une'. *Weal* of Fart-une. Yes. I've got in my head, Nicky Campbell... Nicky Campbell! Or Pat Sajak, for you Americans out there, spinning the wheel, and you wonder what it'll land on. 'I'm sorry, that's porcupine.' 'You've got... aloe vera.' — 'Allo, Vera.' — 'Alright, Gene.' Ayyy! Does anyone want to tell me what Bed Bath &amp; Beyond used to be called? Because the first one opened in 1971... it had a different name. Is it something really prosaic, like Harrison's Home Supplies? Sleep Health Privy &amp; Whatever. I'd say it's about one-third more prosaic. Bed &amp; Bath. Correct! [DING] 'Wait, we're selling more than just beds and baths. 'What do we call it?' 'Bed, Bath... "Beyond" will probably do. 'Everybody? Shall we knock off early?' 'Bed, Bath and... a third item.' 'Come in to see what it is!' 'I need some pillows, a new plug for the bath and some Tarot cards.' That was the second version of the name. It was just hanging off the edge of the store. Bed Bath &amp; Tarot Cards? Bed Bath Pillows Some Other Things &amp; Tarot Cards. While we're on Bed Bath &amp; Beyond, by the way... since we seem to be going down this wiki-hole... They've bought a lot of companies. Can you tell me what the name of the company that sold Christmas trees was that they bought about 2003? Green Pricks! What? Chris Masterson's Christmas Trees. You're all being far too serious here. The Christmas Tree Shop. — Point! [DING] — Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off! I was so close! Ha! 'What do you sell?' 'Cars.' All right. There is one last thing that simplehuman sell, which is a sensor mirror. Can you tell me what it does? Tells you you're ugly? 'Mirror, mirror on the wall...' 'How do I look today?' Northerner mirror: 'F***in' dreadful.' Is it a sensorless mirror? Ha! A senseless mirror. 'Idiot!' A really insensitive — 'Why did you leave the house?!' A sensor mirror? I mean, what, does it... tell you you've brushed your teeth, or give you gestures... I've got to be honest, all the sensors so far are just if something is close to it. It's not much of a sensor. Does it turn the lights on? Point. [DING] It turns the lights on if you're close to the mirror. How do you know you're close to the mirror if the lights aren't on? It doesn't turn the room lights on, it turns the mirror... — Sensor mirror: Boomf! — 'Oh f***!' And you hammer the light switch, which is just set a bit behind it. 'I've sensed the mirror!' 'Why did I install this s****y mirror?' 'I've got to turn the lights off again now.' Doof! 'Mirror, mirror, on the wa — ohhh!' 'Oh, you bastard!' Same with the oven! [Sizzling noise] 'Aaargh!' At the end of that... It's the most dangerous house going. — The hot tap on the bath. — Turn the telly on? Doonk! [Groans] 'Honey? Will you switch on the light in the living room?' I don't want to use the waste disposal. 'I need to fry some bacon. Can you turn on the gas?' Whoomph! At the end of that, congratulations Matt! — F***! — What?! You did score all the genuine points though. He did actually get the answers, yeah, you're right. You win a gift voucher to everyone's favourite Communist high street shop, which is Marx &amp; Spencer, so do enjoy that. Until then, that's been Matt Gray... That's been Gary Brannan... That's been Chris Joel. I've been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. Hey, thanks for watching! If you liked the show then tell someone, tell us, or send us a telegram. And there are all-new episodes of our reverse trivia podcast over at techdif.co.uk. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
- A modern stock exchange isn't people yelling at each other to buy and sell things. It's a matching engine, a computer system that takes in all the information of who wants to sell, who wants to buy, and what prices they want, and then pairs them all up, and exchanges money and shares automatically as fast as it can. Over the last couple of decades, though, something called high-frequency trading appeared: computers trading on a stock exchange faster than any human ever could, watching for price fluctuations and reacting instantly before anyone else can. The faster they react, the more money they can make, so companies collectively spent billions on moving their equipment closer to or even inside the exchange, or building private microwave and cable links that send signals faster than anyone else. One of the strategies was to see someone else send a trade request and then get the same offer to the exchange faster, buy the shares first, and then sell them on for a tiny, tiny profit thousands and thousands and thousands of times. Each microsecond advantage could mean more profits. These days, though, so many companies have spent so much money to get those tiny speed gains that they're all trapped in a stalemate. They're all as close to the exchanges as they can be, and the signal routes are as close to light speed as they can possibly make them. When everyone's bought the same expensive advantage, no one's in the lead. There is another solution, though, and it's being used by another stock exchange a couple of blocks that way. - IEX is now a fully-fledged stock exchange, so a lot of people obviously know names like New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. We're regulated and established the exact same way as those stock exchanges. We're one of 13 in the US. Sometimes, people will take the argument of 'high-frequency trading is bad'. What we'll tell you is, there's nothing wrong with those strategies, but different than any other stock exchange, what we've done is we level the playing field for not only those folk, but also for the slow traders, the human traders, and the only way in which you can really do that is actually, as an exchange, to slow things down. Generally, in the US, you're obligated to know what's going on in all markets, so the only way in which you can do that is you have to connect to all the other markets, you have to take in all these super-fast feeds, and you have to make a determination on the best price at that time. If someone can take in that information quicker than the exchange they're trading on, then they can pick off people trading on that exchange before the exchange even knows what the new price is. We can take in all that data, we can make a determination on what the fairest price is, and as long as someone is not 350 microseconds faster than us, we will always have the clearest snapshot on what the true price is in the market, which is key. The biggest proponent of delay is something called propagation delay. Just means the further away you are from the signal, the longer it takes you to get it, so we said, why don't we introduce distance? 350 microseconds is 61 kilometres. We called up a fiber-optic provider, and we asked them to coil cable for us, and we had them fabricate this box. This is actually 38 miles of cable. It looks like three big fishing spools, so anyone who wants to trade on our exchange has to come in and traverse this distance. The high-frequency guys can be fast, and that's totally fine with them being fast, but because physics is physics, they'll never be 350 microseconds faster than us, so we can always ensure that we give our clients the fairest price. The filing to become a stock exchange for IEX was the most controversial filing of any stock exchange ever. All the negative comments were around 'you can't possibly introduce a speed bump into the market'. 'It's going to cause a calamity in the markets.' 'Everything's going to explode.' But in any case, we did get approved. I always found it funny, like in a market that has billions of dollars of technology invested into it, the most talked-about thing is IEX's exchange filing and a piece of equipment worth $27,000, but this $27,000 literally has billions and billions of dollars notionally trade through it every day, and trade at the fair price. So, it was worth the battle. We did get approval, and the SEC two years later put out a white paper saying not only did the calamity not occur in the market, the market overall, not just IEX, has been more stable since IEX became a stock exchange. - Sure, you could do this by having a computer receive every signal, wait for however long you want, and then send it on. It would probably be cheaper. High-grade fiber-optic cable is expensive stuff, but that would be another system that could crash, or fail, or be defeated somehow. It's unnecessarily complicated. There's a lot to be said for a solution that just uses physics.
*Excited screaming*
Today's show is sponsored by Jenny Eclair's Electric Chairs: You'll have a shocking time! This is the Technical Difficulties. We are playing Citation Needed. I've got an almost-randomly selected article from everybody's favourite reliable source of knowledge, Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point, and a ding [DING], and there is a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about Stefania Follini. Of course! Stefania Follini of the Wiltshire Follinis, if I'm not too mistaken. Definitely not the Wiltshire Follinis! Oh, bollocks. I'm out then! Right! Broad guess at which country we're insulting today: Italy! Yup! Correct! [DING] Have a point. Wahey! Hold-a onto your pasta pizza lasagna! Oh, here we go... All right. Sports person? No, not at all. Interior designer, actually... From Italy?! But that's not what she's famous for. She's not famous for anything she did, chaps. This is going to be a tough one. She's not famous for interior design. She had... Did she drive an Italian car? No. She, erm... she had an experiment on herself. Another head. [Laughter] Don't think medical surgery had got that... The world's first two-headed — you know, that one there, the other one just about here. It's about 1989. Medical science definitely hadn't gotten that far. Was she trying to work out what would happen if you wore the same pair of jeans for three years? Whoa. Now... You're wrong. You're obviously massively wrong. But it is a kind of — it's a self-imposed... thing that went on for a hundred and thirty days. Lived in a hot-air balloon! Oh. Lived somewhere, yes. — In a hot air balloon. — Under the sea. Down where it's wetter. Down where it's better! [Sings] Under the sea! Not quite. You're very close here. Underground. Yes! In a cave, in fact. [DING] For why? Interior design purposes? No... an experiment about circadian rhythms. — You get a point, by the way, just there. — Ah, thanks. Not just a niche in some rock — we're talking, absolute proper underground... — Yup. — A cavern then, rather than a cave. 'Mites-go-up, 'tites-go-down kind of cave. Yes. She actually has the women's world record for longest cave isolation. Was it presented by Norris McWhirter, that certificate? Old school reference! Thank you! I'm reasonably sure I've heard or read somewhere before, that in darkness, the circadian rhythm of a human is about twenty-three hours. Apparently, it actually drifted towards, first of all, a twenty-eight-hour day, then a forty-eight-hour one. But you're absolutely right, have a point [DING] for it being away from twenty-four hours. Does that mean we'd do more in the dark? Is that what you're saying? Away from any reference, away from the sun coming up over here, setting over there. Away from that... our bodies generally go for 25, 26, 27, 28 hours. I am so surprised that a business hasn't set up underground just to get longer days out of people. I think that's basically the Amazon warehouses. — Wahey! — Hmm. Does that proportion... Does that mean you might get, I don't know, a three-hour dinner break? Actually no — forty-eight hours, it'd be double, wouldn't it? Yeah. Well, no, it wouldn't. You'd just work twenty-four more hours. I can't see them adding an extra... No, but your dinner break would have to be longer, wouldn't it? That depends. I mean, you're the union man here. I Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt the union man, thank you very much! [Singing] 'He is the union man, he comes from far away...' 'He can play—' No he can't, he's on strike. [Laughter] And he can negotiate, I think you'll find. So, obviously she was down in the cave with no external light, no clocks, no anything like that. Wait a minute. She's an interior designer. — Yes. — She's going to have clocks. And cushions, and tables and things like this as well, isn't she? Throws. Throws! What do you think she did take down with her? A chaise longue. It's — Something with big flappy cuffs. It's describing them here as 'her only companions'. MDF. So anything that would keep her spirits up during isolation. — Cats. — Paint. White spirit. Desert Island Discs. White spirit?! [Laughter] 'This is a far superior drink to meths!' Erm, not quite what... did you say 'cats'? Yes. Not quite right. In fact, you wouldn't want them down there. Moles! Ants. — [Laughing] I can't take ants with me! — Dog. You're going the wrong way down the cartoon food chain. — A duck! — Oh, okay. Mice. Mice. Thank you, point. [DING] 'Two "friendly mice" named Giuseppe and Nicoletta'. We are in Italy, naturally. Er, no we're not. Do you want to take a guess where it was? France. Austria. Switzerland. Wrong continent. — Why the...? Sorry, are there... — South America then. They've got their own f***ing caves! Are there no f***ing caves in Europe? But this was partly organised by NASA. — Ooh. — 'Merica! Hang on! Why did NASA come to an interior designer and say, 'Do you want to live in a cave in... wherever for a year?' Look, they wanted to use the cave later on, they needed somebody to fit it out, and they wanted it done for free. Can you imagine that? 'Well, er, now you've been down here... 'I just wonder, while you're in, could you, er... 'just zhoosh the place up a bit while you're in? 'I mean, you know, a couple of throws...' 'The feng shui is not quite right.' 'It's not quite — the qi is off...' 'I think we need some of the walls painting, definitely.' She actually decorated the cave 'with cutouts made from cardboard'. ...of people? Tell me it was of people. [Laughter] Er... it doesn't say. It was like a cutout of Bill Clinton. No, it's like that bit from Bugsy Malone, where they've got one bolted to a little minature railway road so it looks like — — Isn't that Home Alone? — Home Alone. — And Bugsy Malone as well. — Really! Yeah, it is both. When Fat Sam's gang has all been 'killed', they set up a load of cardboard cutouts... Maybe the train thing's Home Alone, but... What else did she take down with her? Skateboard. Not really all that good on a cave floor. Well, yeah, but something to learn. Fifteen pounds of LSD. 'Herbal substances'. — Food. — Yeah, fair point actually. Well okay, yes, there was food down there, but as companions. It's actually not that different from what I'd expect someone in 2014 to... The voice of Morgan Freeman. No, the only way she could communicate was through one of these. Morgan Freeman. A bat. — Just a computer, was what I was looking for. — Sign interpreter. Where! In when? 1989. So it was just a text terminal that talked to the folks at Nasa. Bear in mind that Nasa's backing this up. So she's getting light, then, from the screen. Oh no, it didn't say without light. It's without natural light. — Yeah. — Oh! Sorry, I thought she was in the dark! No, no! No, no, she'd just got no outside datum to tell when it's day and night. Oh! But wouldn't the lights turning on and off give you an idea? No, she's in control of that. Ohh. She doesn't know when nighttime is. Yeah. She can exist as she normally would, but that then settles down into twenty-eight hours. This is where the perseverance that you'd need to do the thing wouldn't pay off for me. I'd just keep a clock going, and just turn the lights off at the right time. Well, that's the thing. She wasn't allowed them. The computer wouldn't have had a clock. It would just be a terminal back and forth to tell... to communicate with people. Wouldn't you, right, at least on April the first, have taken the opportunity to really s*** her up via that computer terminal? If she can't see the outside world, I'd have just typed the word 'HELP' repeatedly, with 'THEY HAVE DONE IT.' 'OH GOD THEY HAVE DONE IT' — repeatedly. Er. No. — '89, yeah, that'd be a bit harsh. — Yeah. Yeah, but I wouldn't say who 'they' were and what they'd done. It's five years too late, really. It would turn out all they'd done is block the toilet in the gents' first floor loo. She lost a lot of weight while she was in there, because obviously her rhythms have spread out, so she's taking meals less often, she lost weight. She actually came out on May the 22nd, 1989. Is the next question going to be, what day did she think it was? Yeah. In fact, you can have a point for correctly guessing — ...what I was about to ask there. [DING] — Nice. She went in on January 13th, came out May the 22nd. — And she thought it was the middle of March? — And she thought every day was two days? — Something like that, yeah. — [DING] D'you know what... March the 15th. Exactly the middle of March. I would have pretended it was later. Oh, he's claiming his biscuit right now. — Get in there. — That's mine, this is mine... The room, by the way — do you want to guess what its size is, and what it was made of? Because they actually built a room down in the cave. — Hang on! — Plasterboard. I'm rewinding from my admiration. I thought she was in a pitch-black dark cave, tripping over things... Dripping things like moss and... Yeah. Suddenly they've built her a bijou residence down there. It's hardly a bijou residence. — Tent. — Chipboard. It's a 20-by-12-foot acrylic glass room. — Glass? — Glass?! Acrylic glass, yeah. Why? Okay, so she can still see out to the cave, but she's constricted in movement? Eugh! Yeah. Yeee. Is that the kind of thing they only give them when they go to Mars? That, I think, was one of the reasons, yeah. It was an experiment on circadian rhythms, on how you can survive with no external cues. But you're trapped in a box that you can see out of, just to black, which is... Oh my God, that's horrib... actually, now I see. The bubble idea, that's even worse. I thought she might have had a Portakabin or something. Stefania Follini has the women's world record. There is a men's world record for complete isolation, which is again taken... Was it the Russians in that thing that's happened recently, that was three hundred-odd days? That wasn't underground chamber isloation. They were still kind of locked in a room. I'm not going to make a joke at all — I'm going to say something like the Chilean miners? Er, no. It's an Italian sociologist and caver called Maurizio Montalbini. Who just wanted a really long holiday doing his hobby. Yeah. 'Er, it's a... study. Yeah! Can I get this paid for?' Fair point, actually. The interior designer's cave wasn't her natural environment. But a caver would like to be in a cave. Sociologist and caver? 'Hmmm... how can I get this comped?' That's actually an entire year. He entered on December the 6th, 1992, got out December the 5th, 1993. After she'd done it, then. He was going for the proper record. Yeah. He broke all records... thinking it was June the 6th. So he'd, again, had about double the time that he thought he'd actually... Wow, that's a lot more than spinning out to a twenty-eight-hour rhythm, isn't it? Yeah. Well, they said with her as well, it became a forty-eight-hour rhythm. Yeah, twenty-eight to forty-eight. Wow. Just quoting what it says here — I'm not sure what this means: '...his immune defence system fell from a level of 23 to 0'. — NO! — Dun dun dunnn! Not zero!! Zero's the worst number! So presumably there's not a lot living down there, so it's not fighting stuff off all the time. — Yeah. — What are the units here? There are no units given in this at all. This is basically a maths teacher's... Resistons... seses. All we know is, whatever it is, if something drops to zero, that's bad. So above the cave, for Stefania Follini, there was a trailer. For what film? Just on a loop, endlessly. She went insane. When they announced the end of the experiment to her, you know, they sent down the message saying, 'It's okay, you can come out,' What do you think she sent back? And this may be a translation from the Italian or it may be the original. 'F*** off?' Question mark. 'I've just got the place looking how I want it!' You know what? Point. [DING] It was actually 'Are you really serious?' But you're absolutely right, it was a question mark in disbelief. So I'm giving you the point for that one. Yeah! I also like the newspaper article. I'm now looking at the original here that it references. What happened to her immediately after she came out? What were the scientists doing to her? — Poking. — Probing! Point! [DING] — Poking? — Yup. Who said 'poking' first? — One of us. — Er... one of us, yeah. — I'm going to give you both points. — Hahey! '[P]oked with needles and tagged with electrodes'. Bzzt. Bzzt. And then given some vouchers and told to 'enjoy herself'. 'Here's one free McDonald's — 'oh no, your immune system's dropped, hasn't it.' 'Don't eat it!' What's surprising me here is, now I'm looking this up, I've just made a connection here... because there's the article from the Daily News in 1989: Experiment coordinator? Maurizio Montalbini. [Laughter] Ooh! Ooh! I'll put my tinfoil hat on for that one, thank you very much. The guy who later went on to break the record again, was the experiment coordinator. Presumably because he is the world's expert on staying in a cave for a long time. On staying in a hole, yeah. He learned all he needed to know and then used it against her. He was like, 'F*** doing it first.' 'It could kill me! Let some other f***er do it.' While she's down there, all the time he's just sat there, rubbing his hands and going, 'SOON.' I just like the idea that he just went... 'Right, I need to do this experiment prior to mine... 'What profession to choose? 'Who will be hardiest against these hardships?' [Together] 'Interior designers!' You're actually, with the whole rubbing hands... 'Miss Follini', it says, 'heard a human voice other than her own' for the first time. 'Stefania, I am your God, talking to you.' — Whoaa! — Dude had issues! Of all the things he could have said! He'd be laying in bed going, 'What do I say? What do I say?' 'What do I say? Argh!' 'I know! "This is your God talking to you!"' I like the idea that he hired James Mason just to make sure it sounded right. The last thing, then, is a quote from a news article about this. 'She dismisses concern that her contribution to science was an ordeal.' What did she say it was instead? 'It was all right, really.' — Time to think. — Cheap holiday. You know, I'm going to give Gary the point on that. 'It was a very simple thing.' [DING] Urgh. Yeah. Yes it is. Oh, I like her. Her answers to questions are good. I assume she was allowed books. Yes. Well, the books that she took in. And a guitar. Oh God. I knew there'd be a guitar. That's a fair point, though. You are going to Mars, there's what, five, six of you or something? You're getting on there, you strap yourself into the capsule... There's going to be that one dickhole, just playing 'Smoke On The Water' over and over again, [Laughter] — on a s***ty twenty-quid acoustic guitar. — [Groans] And he's got it slung over the back of his space suit: 'Hey guys, I brought this along!' Oh, f***. 'Kumbaya' for the rest of eternity. There was a moment when I was a fresher, that someone directly above me, in the room above me was playing 'Smoke On The Water' and just trying to learn it. I just remember, 'Dun — dun — dunnn...' After about five minutes of this, I just hear: Door slams — stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp... Door opens. Clunk! [Electrical buzzing] He pulls the plug out. Door slams — stomp, stomp... Not a word said. Either that or someone gets in the space capsule with a guitar, or hauls in an accordion or something. [Tuneless noise] 'I think we've got room for this, don't you?' [hums] 'Captain Pugwash!' A harmonica. Just one of the sunsets, lying there going, [Western harmonica] I love the idea that she's not down there with some acoustic thing, that she's got, like a two-hundred-watt Fender stack, and a Gibson SG, mirror hat, just rockin' out in this cave. [à la Metallica] 'Master! Master!' Yeaaaah! To be fair, there are astronauts on the ISS — I mean, Chris Hadfield was one — who took their guitar up with them. On space musician facts, though... Neil Armstrong took a theremin to the Moon, didn't he? — Did he?! — Did he? I have *never* heard that before. Yeah, I think he took a theremin with him. 'Screw this, guys. It's not gonna sound spacey enough without it!' All: [Theremin sounds] Woo-oo! Yeah, but the way you play a theremin, can you imagine? You're in the capsule, and Neil Armstrong's like... Woooo-ooooo! That's not strictly true, but I can tell you that we have an article here called 'Music Out of the Moon'. A cassette tape of that was taken... Oh. Fair enough. ...by Neil Armstrong, to the moon, and he played it back to them Oh thanks, Neil. Brilliant. Just that bloke, when you're trying to drive, you know, really concentrate, and someone puts their friggin' CD on. That's him with his theremin music, innit. 'Brought this! Woooooo!' ...for his Moon landing moment. All right. At the end of the show, congratulations Gary — DAAAAH! YES! YESSS! ...you win this one. GET IN THERE! So excited, his hood came off! I'm kind of disappointed that... ...kind of disappointed that he's not wearing a parka, so he can sort of put it over his head like Batman. YES! BOOM! That's what we play the game for! ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED? You win a trip to the edge of the atmosphere with the host of the '90s game show Small Talk. Oh, really! It's Ronnie Corbett Low Earth Orbit. So do enjoy that. In the meantime... — That's been Matt Gray... — Bye-bye! That's been Gary Brannan... That's been Chris Joel. I have been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. Thanks for watching! Tell us if you liked it, or even better, tell someone else. And if you want more, there are all-new episodes of our reverse trivia podcast at techdif.co.uk. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing 'Citation Needed'. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it's Chris Joel. I've... still not put it together in the right order, I'll try for the second show. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. Get out o'my office! And standing in for Matt Gray, the Mouth from the South, Will Seaward. I have, indeed, eaten Matt. In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding and there's a prize for a particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about the Stephens Island wren. A person in the lady navy…? This is really terrible! The lady navy(!) The Lady Navy? Just for those who don't have their British naval history there... 'the lady navy'? That was like a car at the start of a Formula 1 race, just stalling on the start line. I can't remember the acronym. I get the… Is it just Women's Royal Navy, is that it? There's no E. The Women's Royal Naval Service, the WRNS. The WRNS, there we go. Well, that's the 1940s isn't it? Because there's no such thing now. Yes, you're absolutely right. It was 1993, apparently, when it all got unified. This has nothing to do with the Stephens Island wren, but as a cheap joke that started the show, well done. Yes, well done. Is it a bird? S***, I should have gone for plane first, shouldn't I? Is it from Stephens Island? How the frig is he getting points as easy as that this time?! He's new! Let him off. Is there a Wikipedia article about it? That is the point of the show. Genus troglodytes. Genus troglodytes? No. What? Not this time. I am offended. I'm having to look this up. The common wren is troglodytes troglodytes. So I thought if it was a wren, it would probably be troglodytes something-elsesius. Alright, what we have here is Chris Joel, ornithologist. When I say, "Ornith", you say, "Ologist." Ornith! Ologist! Ornith! Ologist! No. That's the first time that's ever been used right though, because usually I haven't a f***ing clue. Well, in this case, unfortunately, you are wrong. The Eurasian wren is troglodytes troglodytes, this is the Stephens Island wren, traversia lyalli. Does it go through French alleyways? Le Alley? Le-alley. Will, you have slotted into Matt's seat just perfectly. Well, when I ate him I stole his powers! That's how it works. You actually had a buzz cut didn't you, before you went in? The man was clean shaven and five foot one. The Stephens Island wren, gentlemen, a long time ago… So far we've established it's a bird on Stephens Island that's a wren, basically, haven't we? Yes. Well, its last refuge was Stephens Island. Was it on the run for a horrific crime it had committed? Was this its last stand? No, it had three other friends though and they drove around in a black and red van and if you needed their help, you know, they'd save sparrows and s***. Who would Mr T be? What sort of bird? Well, they wouldn't fly would they? So it'd be like an ostrich or a penguin or something. That was good. I like that. Gary, unbelievably, you have a point. No way, no. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off. How? Because the Stephens Island wren is flightless and I'm giving you a point for that! Has it learned not to fly since being on Stephens Island, it being an island, or did it get there on a raft? I like the idea of learning not to fly. "Oh, s***, I've flown again! I wish I could forget this bollocks!" Well, maybe it didn't like it! Maybe it didn't like heights. Yes, that's not forgetting is it? That's proactively… Is there a difference though? Between actively forgetting and unlearning? "Welcome to epistemology today..." "Today, bird dat don't fly. He forget or did he learn it?" It's also known as Lyall's wren. Why would its last refuge be Stephens Island? Is it... extinct? Spot on. Okay. Was it delicious? Damn it! That much faster. Yes, but not that… I mean this is a wren… Yes, but no. It was, apparently, delicious. There have only ever been five species of flightless songbirds found. What's happened to them? They've all been eaten. For the Stephens Island wren in particular by what? Was it eaten by pests that were introduced by humans? Yes, absolutely right. Any particular pests? Rats. AUDIENCE MEMBER: Bill Oddie! "Bring me another plate of wrens! Conserve them that I may consume them…" Because that's what Bill Oddie sounds like behind the scenes... We're in trouble when the audience have better gags than we have. As Bill Oddie sits in the ruined wasteland of the island seeing the last little wren entering his lips, he goes, "I really should have saved these." Yes! "You didn't see nothin'!" Not rats. Cats! Yes, cats is technically correct. Could we be a bit more specific? Panthers?... Will, I've just got this thing of being in like a hotel room, in a lonely kind of guest house and suddenly from inside the cupboard, hearing you saying that. And it would be the most terrifying thing I could imagine. "Panthers?" A single cat from one ship's crew. Absolutely right. A lighthouse keeper's cat named Tibbles. Yes, allegedly, a lighthouse keeper's cat named Tibbles and for a while that was the accepted wisdom, what is more likely? More than one cat...! "Panthers?" Chris is closest, Chris gets a point, yes. Yes, a large number of feral cats had come to overrun the island. How many living wrens were actually spotted, ever? None. They're not spotted at all, they've got sort of vertical striations or stripes. Go on, just hit me. It's not that, it's you're kind of right. Yes! Olive brown plumage with edges of brown. So I'll actually give you the stripes there. How often were they seen by humans? Seconds after the entered the cat's mouth, probably, or when the cat brought… Yes, there was loads left in a pile on the door mat. The cat's saying, "I'm friends with you", by leaving dead bodies outside. And when I do it, it's wrong. Never. They were so small, they were essentially invisible. I mean, I like it, but... What you've got there, mate, are bees. Bees, birds, and the next part of the talk is where it gets distressing. Only twice. The lighthouse keeper called it almost nocturnal, 'Running around the rocks like a mouse.' Yeah, well, you would if you were being chased by a frigging cat! Yes, that was the problem. Then the cats ate the lighthouse keepers, then the cats took over the lighthouse and turned off the light, many ships were wrecked. And eaten! Those crews, also, were devoured. I mean you've got a good ghost story there. It's complete bollocks, but you've got a great ghost story there. It was once widespread throughout the area. What area is Stephens Island in? Where are we going to…? The sea! I mean, technically, I'ma give you a point for that. Which part of the world…? This is 1870s… New England. No. Nova Scotia? I mean, you... Can you make anything not sound kinky? You've said, "New." You've said, "Nova." New is correct. Zealand. Yes, there we go, have a point. Prehistorically, it was all through New Zealand, then the land was settled. Its bones can be found where? Cat poo. Yes, that's true, half of that's right... I love the way you lead me on like a primary school teacher with the thick student, "You're right. Are there any other answers in the class?" Deposits left by laughing owls. Wonderful! Was that an impression or a reaction? It's the thought of this darkly humoured owl in a tree, watching all these wrens getting eaten and going, "Ha-ha, losers!" What happened to the laughing owl? Did they get eaten next? Yes, they did. Not laughing now, are we? I was actually going to move on to other extinct birds of New Zealand. Well, there's the Moa, there's that really fecking big eagle that's the biggest one that ever lived, starts with a H. Augh, can't remember. "New Zealand fecking big eagle". Big feck-off... come on, come on. Haast's eagle. Yes! The wonders of technology. That's a terrifying thought that technology might be optimised to how I think. The rest of you are screwed. Talking about introducing pests. Hello. There have been many, many attempts to deal with pests, particularly Australia and New Zealand. They're not pests, they're legitimate countries. We had words about this before. Yes, what can you tell me about the rabbit-proof fence? It wasn't rabbit-proof! Because they went under it. Yes. It turns out that building a fence was not a great way to stop rabbits. Did they get in... in the hats of magicians? Tries to pull out flags of all nations. Just loads of rabbits tied together. With the flags of all nations to be fair. It's actually the rabbits of all nations. Heavily tattooed. Yes. What can you tell me about the Cobra Effect? And the phrasing here is, 'It illustrates the causes of incorrect stimulation in the economy.' Eh, kids? Is it to do with sales of Viagra? They introduce cobras, but they're all dead-straight now. Flinging them like javelins. Come on! How you do it is your own business. Where might this have been? India? Yes, despite the phrasing, you are absolutely right. This was British Colonial India and they were concerned about venomous snakes, cobras. What did they try to do to solve the snake problem? Did they bribe them? Yes, set up an elaborate passport service that meant they couldn't move from place to place. You know, that thing where, "Oh, he's got it. He's got it. He's got it. No." To be fair, "he's got it" was "did they". And then "he's not" was... bribe?! Did they bribe the snake charmers? People to catch them. And then they wouldn't get rid of them all, because if they got rid of them all, they wouldn't have an income so they bred snakes to make sure they still had a… Amazing! I know that because that was a common thing, 16th-17th century. You have accounts of what they do in parishes and they have similar problems with beavers. You would bring the tails to show that you caught the pests that you had. You also had beadles that would get rid of dogs, things like that out of churches. But there were rumours that they would be, potentially, breeding animals to make sure that they were still getting paid for this little bit of income. So it was a similar thing. Yes. They offered a bounty for every dead cobra, which worked. Then people started breeding cobras, so they scrapped the bounty programme. What happened? Lots of snakes. I mean, yes, everyone released the cobras, because they were now worthless, so they just... Yes. When they did it, did they use the… Actually, this needs your voice to say this doesn't it? Yes, "Release the cobras," surely? "Release the cobras." That is good. Good lord, I'm involuntarily picking my feet up off the floor here. "Panthers?" No, that's clearly a Disney panther though, that is going to be smoking a pipe and asking insightful questions, a panther introduced in that tone. I can never go to the cinema...! That's different reasons though, to do with chucking the cobras. I'm just going to go, "Panthers?" So to drag this back, to drag this back, a long, long way to the Stephens Island wren. Oh, Jesus, yes. Oh, Christ. There were some fights over the specimens, because… Between the cats, obviously, 'cos they were hungry. The thing is you're actually right, because almost all the specimens now extant were brought in by cats. Oh, as presents? As presents for the lighthouse keeper, you're absolutely right. Although, they're not presents. They're sort of a mark of pity. Yes, it's that kind of, "Look, that's how you do it", isn't it? It's the kind of thing they're showing you. It's like when they s*** on the floor, it's to show they're angry. It's true. That's what happened when you came to my house. What? You s*** on the floor because you were angry he was there...? "Out, Scott!" Do you remember? He once stayed over at my house. I did. God, that was before your stag-do wasn't it? Yeah. You stayed over at my house and I just heard this immortal phrase, "Gary? The cat's s*** on the floor." I have no memory of this at all. That happened. It's the only time she's ever done it with another person in the house. Normally, we get it after a weekend away or something, a day or so later she'll just go and lay one on the floor to say, "Damn it, you've been away and this is how angry I am, "I'm going to let you see this." So for some reason, she took with umbrage with you to that degree that she did a massive dump in protest. And when I do it, it's wrong. On the other hand, I know exactly how my resignation from the show is going to go, should it ever happen. So, yes, what happened to most of the specimens? Where did they end up? Museums! Yes, absolutely right. What happened to most of the cats? Mew-seums. Shot, sadly. But there was a… Oh, I like this one when it ends on dead cats. It's always good fun isn't it? And that's the end of the show! It's not ending on that. There was a recommendation sent out. What should lighthouse keepers not do? Have cats to shoot in the first place! Yes. It was recommend that they not introduce pests. So the last question, who was Lyall? Who were they named after? Lyall's wren, Traversia lyalli? Was he the lighthouse keeper? Yes, he was! Hooray! So at the end of the show, congratulations, Chris, you win this one. You win a stuffed toy inspired by the villain from 'Nightmare on Elm Street'. It's a Teddy Krueger. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Will Seaward. I've been Tom Scott and we'll see you next time. Can I really go this time? Yes!
These days if you want to simulate something in the physical world you use a computer. But what if you couldn't? What if it was, say, the 1950s and you needed to work out if a bold but questionable plan to dam the San Francisco Bay was a good idea? The answer is this: The US Army Corps of Engineers Bay Model. The Bay Model is one and a half acres or more. What you're looking at is one of our former scientific, hydrodynamic, engineering testing facilities. And this was the tool, the instrument, that they used to see what the unforeseen consequences of the John Reber Plan was going to be. In the 1940s and 50s a man named John Reber had a plan to completely change the San Francisco Bay. Enormous dams would create freshwater lakes. There'd be brand-new reclaimed land for industry and for air and naval bases. Reber said it would make the bay a defensible military fortification, move people safely inland and the newly dammed rivers would provide huge amounts of drinking water. Reber was not a professional engineer. He was a theatrical producer who had done a lot of research, but because he worked in showbiz, he knew how to promote something. And by most accounts he was a friendly, sincere, convincing man. So unlike other ideas for giant engineering projects, the Reber Plan actually caught on. Debate went back and forth for years but eventually Reber's plan seemed realistic enough, at least to politicians, that the US Army Corps of Engineers were tasked to see if it was practical and they were given $2.5m, that's about $25m today, to find out. And with it, they built this. This model when it was built was the next level, the next generation. It was extremely accurate as an instrument. At the time there really wasn't anything better. There's 250,000 strategically placed little copper tabs in the bottom of the model to keep the saltwater and the freshwater from going in and out too quickly, but also to duplicate any little protrusions sticking up out of the bottom of the bay. The model is 1:1000 scale horizontally, 1:100 scale vertically and 1:100 scale in time. That means about two hundred times a day, the tide comes in and the tide goes out, because San Francisco Bay has tides and therefore, so does the model. Everything was hand operated for the first thirty years. It took probably anywhere between twelve and fifteen people to operate it, sometimes it was as many as sixty people here at one time working on various different experiments and everybody had to be totally in sync. It was like an orchestra. And the interns were out there in chairs, in lab coats, in the water measuring the various different ebb and flow of the tide. It took three years for Reber's plan to be tested here and in that time Reber passed away. And for his supporters, the results from the model were devastating. It looked great on paper, convinced a lot of people, but when it was tested they found that it was only good on paper. The end result was it failed on ninety-nine different accounts. Wild and unpredictable catastrophic flooding was just one of them. The dams wouldn't create lakes, they'd create evaporation ponds. The tide would create dangerous currents and waves. In short, not only would the Reber Plan have been a disaster, it would have been a billion dollar disaster. The ecosystem would have been devastated too, but it was the 50s, so no-one was really thinking about that. The Corps of Engineers, their job done, figured the model would come in useful again someday. And it did, helping to test smaller and more practical schemes across the bay for decades. These days, of course, computers can do all of that for a fraction of the time and the money, but it's still a good educational resource. Last time I talked about a grand civil engineering scheme like this, about Herman Sörgel's Atlantropa, I said it was a testament to how big we can dream, but this model is a testament to something else. To science. To having a hypothesis. To testing it. And then, when it fails, admitting that it's wrong. There shouldn't be any shame in that. Sometimes we follow bad ideas, and changing your mind based on new evidence and allowing others to do the same is something our world should be built on, and it's exactly what this model made happen.
-Last summer we went into his kitchen. -His! And filmed some experiments. The quality is dodgy. Of the video... the humour is top notch. Oh, God. This is your warning, it's not what you're used to from studio quality. This is just a bunch of GoPros on a kitchen table. And are sat next to the GoPros staring into them, and your souls. Experiment one, tabletop time machine. "Ooh!" -Somebody want to cue us in? -No. Oh. Pretty good, pretty good. This is the Technical Difficulties and this is the Tabletop Time Machine. Delving into the temporal depths today, joining me are Chris Joel. -Hello. -Gary Brannan. It's down there. In the darkness. In the pipeline. Waiting. I'll get some bleach and a plunger. And Matt Gray. You don't want to see my temporal depths. Our kitchen time machine has crash-landed somewhere -and somewhen in the past. -Somewhen? Yes, the accepted time travellers' term! We've done this before, you know. Sorry. Do continue. It's a format, just stick with it, okay. And we need to charge up the fact battery in order to jump out of here. So we're somewhere, somewhen and we need to charge up the fact battery? -So we need to find out some somewhat? -Yes. -And somewhom? -Yes. And the first challenge is to work out where and when we are. And I will start by telling you there is someone outside and she is not amused. Is it the wife? Which puts it within the last 10 years? Because it normally is, also: the concept that the battery could work on some-wattage. Well, I'm glad someone made that joke. Always happy to oblige. I'm sure you are, Gary. Are we in France? The wheel has often spun... ...and landed on France. No. I can't believe for the first one of this randomly programmed Tabletop Time Machine, that it may just have deposited us in a certain period, perchance. Well, not just a certain period, specifically were we to land at this point and time, there would be someone outside. -Which we have, keep up with the format. -Come on. Now… now we've landed here there is… there is someone outside; who might that be? Is it a queen by any chance? Yeah. Gary, Gary, believe in this, believe, okay. We just… we just keep this rolling. It's fine, we're here, it's somewhere between 1836 and 1901. -Yes, it is. -Everybody, we're doing Victorian for the first one, alright. Let's test it out on fertile ground. I thought you just meant it was the evening. It could well be. She was a very short lived queen, "of an afternoon". Yeah, I thought, France, she might have been on holiday. -It's possible. -I thought it was a trick question. I actually don't know where Queen Victoria holidayed, I doubt it was... Bognor Regis? Someone had that as their last words. -It was... -What? What, Bognor Regis? It was her successor, it was Edward VII, his last words, I s*** ye not, were 'Bugger Bognor'. Yes they were, and the fact batteries are now a little more charged. Thank you, Gary. Are we going to have graphics with little batteries? Yes, we are. No, we already have, it’s a time machine and we're in it(!) Fact batteries? Factories! Yeah! The format works and we are convinced of this. I mean you're close, it was King George V. Oh, the one after. Yeah, it was… not quite the direct successor, but yes, you are… In a full-on temporal sense of time as we are, spot on. I'm not letting you cover for incorrect answers with, 'We've got a time machine, it's good enough', okay. We're not doing that. -Didn't you say she was standing outside? -Yes, she is. We've got a window in our time machine and I can't see her. Let us hire Berwick Kaler. Hey, yes! We can travel in time to the future to hire him to impersonate the queen now in the Victorian period. But then he wouldn't be born yet. Ah! Let's… let's leave temporal mechanics aside for a little while. Which is what most people have to do in any time machine series. Yes, so that's true, I will become furious, actually. What might Queen Victoria be … be opening in… She had a lot of kids. And she had had a lot of kids by this point. She's outside dressed in black. Her husband's dead, it's post Prince Albert. -Yes it is. -Wait, she had a piercing? -Well, she didn't. -That's why… He did, hence the name. Fact. Fact recharge! I can't believe I've almost got us back to a safe place and time with my knowledge. Oh, Jesus, I just accidentally did the Wikipedia search for Prince Albert. That was a mistake, that was a mistake. -Yes! -You f****** idiot. What a long game I've played for this moment. You actually look like the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark. "Don't look at it! Don't look at his eye!" The sad thing is, it's not actually a fact, it's an apocryphal tale. Shouldn't he have seen a doctor about that? An apocryphal tail? No. So he's got, what the hell's the word? Vestigial tail. An Apocryphal Tale, is that one of Disney's less successful efforts? And I'd also like a moment of silence for those who paused, googled Prince Albert... Then resumed to see your reaction. You know, if you google Prince Albert, you will get two results. One of them speaks the truth, the other only lies. I clicked on the lie, people. Close that tab. And that was the thing, it wouldn't … it's not just Prince Albert that would have had one of those. You had them because at the time, the fashion was for very tight breeches, very tight trousers. So you needed somewhere to hook your junk. So what you would have had is a ring on the end of your knob and a little hook sewn in your trousers, that you would hook it onto to keep it in one place. As I believe that is the function, the original function of Prince Albert. This actually lists that as a possibility, we don't know whether that's true yet. Well, we're in our time machine, why don’t we look? You know that schoolyard prank where someone just yanks your trousers down? Oh. Oh. Circumcision position. Well, I'm going to change to Velcro from now on. -Ooh! -Like a stripper! 'Outside and in black', so where does that narrow the dates down to? -Oh God... -Come on, historist. -After he deaded. -Yeah. It's not long though, it's… well, rumours... 1915. -No. -What? She died in 1901, so... S***! We still haven't worked out where and when, so… London. -Yes, absolutely. -Oh, okay. Yeah. I thought if she was in mourning she was more likely to be on one of the estates. Well, she was in mourning for a long time and she was… Well, usually 'til about lunch. Hey! Was she in Buckingham Palace? No. She didn't like that. I love the way you've subtly hyphened, moved the hyphen in there, "Bucking-ham Palace." It's rearing. Join me in the pork room. If I became king, which is fantastically unlikely... You're probably quite a long way down the list. Yeah, but, you know, you know, I wouldn't … I would do something like that. I would actually mispronounce something on purpose, just because everyone else would copy me as a matter of politeness. I'd start calling it Bucking-ham Palace. And start buttoning up the bottom button on your waistcoat. Oh! Oh! Which is again … well, you here, you know. -I know. -Yeah, but the viewers don't. Oh, f*** 'em. Chris, we need to charge the batteries. -Oh, Jesus, right. -The fact battery is low. You should always wear your bottom waistcoat button undone because one of the Georges…? George the Fingers? A well known Cockney gangster got too fat. George the Fingers... "Alright? I'm George..." "Hello, I'm George the Fingers, I'm King of South London." "They're in many pies." "Apples and pears, I'm a fat lad." "This one's fine, this one's for shooting, this one's for f****** you off." So, Gary will now provide me with a king. Edward VII...! I'm sticking with George the Fingers. Anyway, so, George the Fingers was too corpulent. George the Fingers! Because he was too corpulent for his own dresscoat and started having to undo the bottom button of his waistcoat. And everybody went, "Ah, King of South London's doing it, we've got to do it too." -Fact! -George the Fingers! Not that this fact will be any good to charge the fact-batteries because we're still not talking about the monarch. We're talking about the one after. No, I'm allowing any facts to charge the batteries here, that's... Edward VII had a shagging chair. It's still on display in a museum of erotica, I do believe, in Paris. He was so fat, he had a special chair built for him to do ladies on. And it has handles and it's very ornate and everything. Now the question is, have they washed it...or not? I think, gave it a quick spritz with Dettol. "Just Febreze it, it'll be right." And I mean it’s a replica in the museum, but you're absolutely right, it's fact. -Yeah, yeah, yeah. -There go the batteries. And it's not 100% confirmed, but, yes, I'll give you: fact. Hey! -Apart from the bits I made up. -Yeah. -Well, and the fact. -George the Fingers, not strictly… -Not strictly true. Not strictly who followed Victoria in succession. Where are we? We know we're in London. -London. -We know we're in Victorian times, But not in Buck House. So is it the unveiling of the Albert Memorial or the Albert Hall? Oh, you know what, it's one of those, take your pick. Well, it would be if she's in London -and it's after Albert's died. -Yeah, you're absolutely right. Fact, we are in fact in 1871 at the unveiling of the Royal Albert Hall. -Okay, yes. -Did it have a big ring on the top where they lowered it in by crane? As Victoria looked up and dabbed her eye and went, "It's like life, only smaller." Oh! What you can't see of the Albert Hall is how much of it's below ground. What else is going on? What is happening in Darwin, Australia? -Evolution. -We were sending over people like George the Fingers for crimes. -Yes. -No, we weren't. -We were done by then. -Well, it carried on, didn't it? Transportation was well done and dusted by the 1870s. -Was it? -Yeah, deffo... Bloody you knowing things. Is that a fact? -Fact. -Hey! They are also sending something else over there, and it's coming ashore. -Bees. -Rabbits. -Sheeps. Sheeps ashore! -It, not them. -Sent from the UK? After a fashion, yes. Was it a disease? No, no. It's had a few stops on the way as well. I can't think of what would be taken to Australia as a … Is it a natural resource? No, no. It's a made thing? It's a made thing, it's gone all the way, London to Australia after a long, long journey. Was that its intended destination or was it… -Yeah. -Maritime clock of some sort? You're in the right area, it's certainly technology. Is it a steam engine of some kind that's been built over here and shipped over there? No. No. It's… So it's not something that had to be made somewhere else and then was transported there? I mean you would need to make it somewhere else, its job is to be taken somewhere else. Its job is to be left along the way. -Oh, cable. -Yes. -Oh! -Telegraph cable or something. Fact, the first London to Darwin telegraph cable landed. And is Darwin, north coast or something? Darwin is the northwest part of Australia, -so it's as far as you can get. -Direct line. So close as you can get to evolution is what it was? It was a technological evolution, so that was a fact. Do I get … are there points, do I get points, can I have some points? -Fact. -Yay. Matt Gray is sick of the 1870s. Who was Top of the Pops in 1871? Cliff Richard. What's really weird is in 1870, that was still his own hair. But you asked who was Top of the Pops there. There is one famous hymn that you might well know that was written by... "Him" as in the emo band? So is this going to be like Calvinist or something that period? -It's going to be… -No, a bit late, isn't it? This is going to be... written by Reverend Sabine Bearing-Gould. And did those feet in ancient times walk upon England's mountains green? No, but it's the same kind of level of, this is a big hymn. Music by Sir Arthur Sullivan. That's one of the big music writers of hymns as well, is it? -Yes. -Is it Rule Britannia? It's "Onward Christian Soldiers". Ah! Composed in Horbury, West Yorkshire? Ooh. Ooh, let's find out. Oh, come on, come on. That's got to be a juicy one. That's half a battery on its own is that. -You know what, fact. -Oh! Horbury St Peter's Church near Wakefield, Yorkshire. Yorkshire! Yorkshire! Yorkshire! And some extra battery power there for it being a Yorkshire fact. That’s the best rule we've ever come up with. Because when you drive into Horbury, it says 'Welcome to Horbury, home of Onward Christian Soldiers'. -Really? -Yeah. -Wow! -On the side of… Gilbert and Sullivan's first opera also opened that year. Anyone want to name what that is? Winfrey. Opera Winfrey, no. No, it's not Oprah Winfrey, no. Opera Winfrey! Did it take you that long? No, I'm just still angry. Also happening that year, what did the University Tests Act do? Test things. Standardise them across universities. -No. -Destandardise them across universities. That's closer certainly. It is about a test at universities, but it's one you had to pass in order to be admitted. -Sobriety. -Of strength! -STI. -So all those started with S and all of those were wrong. Ha. Ooh. ♫ Ooh-aah, come on and shine, shine like a star... ♫ Did it get rid of any kind of religious testing? -Fact. -Ah, there we go, because in days of yore, most people went to university to qualify to be priests or vicars. "Sorry, no, you can't come in, you're not Christian enough." -That is essentially what happened. -Really? Yeah, the University Tests Act allowed Roman Catholics, non-conformists and non-Christians to go to Oxford, Cambridge, London and Durham University. You were only allowed to be clever if... if you liked this God. -Yes. -Yale and Harvard were … were they originally strictly denominational? -Ooh, you know, I don't know. -I get the feeling one of them was. No, not Yale locks, you dickhead. Are Yale locks Christian? Yes, you're right, that's... fact! Yeah! In what is rapidly becoming the catchphrase here. Yes, it was. Christianity had a favoured position at Harvard and Yale for a long time. Missionary. Or Christian Missionary. And with that, the fact batteries are full. - Yay! - Thank f***! Get out of this ancient hellhole! So we are jaunting off to another time and place and as our time machine takes off... You need a lever, you really need a lever to pull on. I really need a lever or something there. We say thank you once again. You be careful where you put that hand! -To Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan. -Farewell. -To Matt Gray. -Time is slipping away! I've been Tom Scott and we'll see you another time. I like that, but it's horrible.
Hi, I'm Matt, I don't… I'm Gary! I don't trust them to do a sensible intro now. No, just listen to him. -Him! -He speaks in sentences. This is Tabletop Time Machine 2, we're still in the kitchen. The Revenge! One speaks the truth, the other only lies. Watch the thing. This is the last thing we're filming today after a long time. And this the mic stand we ordered. The reason my camera shot's been slightly high up all through this, is because we're down a mic stand and we hoped that Amazon Prime would get it here. And, no, we're rolling. -We'll use it the next series. -Welcome to the provinces, Londoners. Here we go again. This is the Technical Difficulties and this is the Tabletop Time Machine. It's a kitchen. Delving into the temporal depths today, as ever joining me are Chris Joel. -Hello. -Gary Brannan. We know what it is, we know who did it, but for God's sake, tell us where you did it. And Matt Gray. ♫ Hi! ♫ Our kitchen time machine has crash-landed somewhere and somewhen in the past. And we need to charge up the fact batteries to get out of here. -Ah, yes! -Fact batteries. -The factories. -Roll with it, okay? -It's what we've got. -Just roll with it. The first challenge is to work out where and when we are. And I will start by telling you that our time machine seems to have been attracted to an enormous mass of concrete. Is it the 60s? Yeah, it could be a Le Corbusian nightmare. It could be, is it Coventry? Are you just going to slate a load of towns now? Is it any university built in the 60s? No, no. It's a much bigger mass of concrete. Are we in Roman... Rome? Roman Rome? Not in that non-Roman Rome. Welcome to French Rome. Well, not technically because anything from Rome is technically Roman. And then I was distinguishing the period which is the Roman period. Welcome to British Britain. Well, no, you'd have Norman Britain or Anglo-Scandinavian Britain. -He's got a point, you know. -It's just the way I'm sat. Oh, the old ones, the old ones. Are we somewhere nuclear related? Ooh, no. And I will tell you that the scanners read nothing above normal in the air. We've got scanners! The time machine has everything. Oh, so we're before the 50s? -Yes, we are. -But are we within a drive of Las Vegas? Yes. Are we at that big f***-off dam? -Oh, yeah. -Fact! As the scanner that you can't see on your camera slides back to reveal... The big f***-off dam. The big Hoover Dam. -That's the one. -Fact. Fact. So the … is it a fact? Well, it's called the Hoover Dam, so it's probably a fact. Although it wasn't called that then. Is that because the president hadn't hoovered anything yet? I was going to say, was it called the Vacuum Dam? Of which, which president? -Hoover. -Fact. This is brilliant. Let's charge those batteries(!) Some days the fact batteries almost charge themselves. -Does anyone know what it's currently called? -Is it Three Rivers? No, that's t'Chinese one, isn't it? -No, that's Three Gorges. -Three Gorges. Three Gorges is the one in China. "Gorgeous!" Finished in the 21st century. Colorado something? No... No, but the Colorado … why is Colorado connected to it? Because it's in Nevada. -Isn't that the river? -Fact. It's the big Colorado-stopper. Yeah, I mean the batteries aren't charging off that, but yeah. You need to look at something we can't see and go, "Well, the batteries don't seem to want to charge on that fact." If only we had some batteries on clear display in shots. Is it in Arizona? -Okay, you're… -Is it on the border? Yes, between? Nevada and Arizona. Fact. We got there in the end, like, all the words were there, just not necessarily in the right order. Boulder Dam. Boulder. Oh, I've heard of that before. I wouldn't mind, but, a) I've been driven over it, and, b) while driving to the Grand Canyon. Hang on, you've been driven over it, what, like cattle? -Yeah. -"Get on, Gary, get on!" That's what happens when you to go Vegas for a week. -"Gon' sell your hide in Arizona!" -S*** happens. I was … we were driving out on a bus tour to the Grand Canyon, and while we were going they showed us a very long and detailed film about the construction of the Hoover Dam, of which I can currently remember... no facts. It's near Boulder City, Nevada, which is why it was called Boulder Dam. … is that Boulder City, is that one that sprung up while they were building the dam? No, didn't they demolish it to put the dam there? Two diverging reasons here, one's creation, the other's destruction. Fact. Hey. The only reason it's there is to house workers contracted to build the Hoover Dam. -Well, the Boulder. -The Boulder Dam. Originally it was going to be at Boulder Canyon which is about 20 miles north of the dam. The original plan was also not to use the massive concrete construction. -What were they just going to do? -Explode it! Fact. They were going to explode the canyon to block it? They were going to explode the walls of Boulder Canyon into the river and use that as the dam. But wouldn't that make it wider so then it would go round it? So they rejected it on the grounds of unproven technique. "We came up with this idea, and it turns out it's a s*** idea." Despite the fact that people have been really successfully building dams for quite a long time, someone sat there and thought "I can do this better with more explosions". -Yes. -That’s human history, let's face it. By the way if we're talking when, I don't think… Yeah, that's what I was thinking about. I think we're talking 1930s... because it's post-Great Depression and it was a Hoovernomics-based thing to create work. Fact. Oh, like all the highway reconstruction and stuff where they stimulated the economy by creating jobs. Are you listening? Yeah. Satire. We have a lot of unemployed... Not so much satire, just historical fact. We have a lot of unemployed people, we need to stimulate the economy. Let's give them something to do. Yeah, effectively. We don't need a dam, let's just build one so some people have something to work for. Well, they did need the dam, that'd been on the cards for a while. But the thing was, when they put it first on the cards they said, "Well, there's not enough people to do this." Suddenly, lots of unemployed people. Unrolls plans for dam and goes, "We could." The money gets circulated back into the economy, they want consumer goods... And we also need a Las Vegas. Mmm... So, okay, so yeah, we're talking, I know, okay, 1929, it's Hoover, isn't it... One of these things that's kicked on by Hoover who decides he's going to institute all these public works, so I'm saying '35? -Spot on. Fact. -Oh! I can hear those batteries charging. So what I'm doing here is I'm looking through other things in 1935 that are not immediately war related. That we were a little bit preoccupied to have heard anything about. Certainly, something was invented in February that year that we could all be sitting around the table doing right now. Hungry Hungry Hippos. You're on the right lines. -Monopoly. -Yes. Fact. Parker Brothers began selling Monopoly in 1935. Thus setting the stage for decades of bitter family resentment. I was going to say. Well, it was designed to show the evils of capitalism, wasn't it? -Yeah. -Yeah. -Fact. -Yes. "I'm going to call this game Absolute Financial ****itude." "Can we have 'Monopoly' instead?" "Well, on your head be it." "I think mine was better." "Might go misunderstood." What was first used in Daventry? Cheese. What was first used in Daventry? I was expecting a country though. Hot water. I'm going to emphasise, 'what' was first used? -Soap. -The spoon. 'Watt' was first… Electricity. Something along those lines, it was by Robert Watson Watt, who first demonstrated something in Daventry in February 1935. -Daventry? -Daventry. Is there somewhere in Daventry that specifically... -TV? -Ooh, no... It was, it involved that kind of … there was certainly a broadcast signal involved. Was it the recording of something, like recording something electronically, like radio signals or something like that? Ooh, you're very close with radio signals. Radar? -Fact. -Oh. Why Daventry? I believe that's where his workshop was. Is it some kind of government research laboratory? BBC Broadcast Station. -The BBC invented radar? -Whoa, radar. They had a short wave broadcast station there, so that's where he broadcast his radar tests from. Okay. What did Bill W start in June 1935? -Bill W. -Bill W. W, are you just masking his second name here? Well, that's what he's known as, he was actually William G Wilson. Oh, so it's not a water bill then? Bill W(!) I mention this because if you ever go on a cruise or something like that, you will see that there is a meeting regularly in the cruise calendar, marked as the Friends of Bill W. Alcoholics Anonymous. Yes. Ah, really? Wait a minute, on a cruise? Because cruises tend to be what? Extremely alcoholic. All you can sup aren't they, really? Fact, absolutely. So if you are being taken on a cruise and you are in Alcoholics Anonymous, it is very handy to know when the meetings of them are. Must be awkward if you are someone called Bill W. Called Bill W, yes. "Hey, guys!" "Hello, hello. I understand this is in my honour." "Why the long faces?" "I brought champagne!" July 1935, another invention first in Oklahoma City. And it's something that's just near by the side of the road quite a lot. Tornado-proof road signs. In Oklahoma! -Shout, yeah. -That's not unreasonable. But this is the first working version of this, it was… Traffic light. -There's been a few… -They're a lot earlier I think. Roadside emergency telephone. Same kind of height, same kind of build, but it's not really there to help you. -To hinder you. -To hinder you. Roadside machine gun nest...? Is it one of those… Again, we're going to skip over most of Europe at this point, that's all I'm going to say. Well, they were being installed. A speed camera. What would that be like?! He's in the frame, he definitely wasn't speeding. Yes, a bloke pops up with one of those big cameras with the big flash bulbs on top. It's the same size, it's a similar shape and it is not there to help you. If our time machine happened to park up next to one then we might be getting a bit of a bill. -Oh, parking meters. -Yes. I'll be damned if I'm being charged for my kitchen being on a side road. -Doesn't even count as a moving vehicle, does it? -No. -I mean, yeah, it's a planning issue. Oh, but that could take months in the courts and hopefully by then we've charged some f***ing batteries. Well, let's just put a little bit of money in the meter just in case, just a tiny little. No, they can bollocks! Yeah, they can clamp us, but we're in a time machine kitchen now. How do you clamp a kitchen? How do you clamp a time machine? You can just go back to before it was clamped. Not if it's clamped. Whoa! Why would they have time machine clamps? For clamping time machines! Because the amount of times people will go back to that time. -Just for the parking meters. -You'd work out how to clamp them. Bloody HG Wells, coming in here. In the time machine can we not just have a little bit of something in the drawer, we can just put in a parking meter and then my conscience is fine, alright. Jesus! But we need currencies from all times, places and… Fortunately we've got a time machine. September 1935, there is an airspeed record set in the H-1 Racer. (Oh, H-1...) Yes, and that H is important, who might have been piloting that? Oh, that's… -Chuck Yeager. -No, it's Hughes, Howard Hughes. -Fact. -It is, isn't it. I was thinking he didn't... Yes. What did Chuck Yeager do? -Broke the sound barrier. -Fact. I was going to say, 1935, f***-all! Well, yes. Probably went "gah?" Oh, no, because '47 for the sound barrier, so he was probably in high school. He'd have been going on about doing something dangerous in planes. -Possibly. -Well, the thing is, with Chuck Yeager it was basically a case of can we find the craziest, yet most competent person to -throw at the sound barriers. -Yeah, but that was '46/'47, so he probably wasn't enlisted in the military, because he was quite young when he broke the sound barrier. He'd have been the kid on the floor, he'd have been a young man going when "one day I'm going to break the sound barrier". Motorbikes, horses, something like that. Can't do that, you can't break the sound barrier on a horse. -Oh, yes. -If any man could, it's Chuck Yeager. True, yeah. I would pay to watch him try. The H-1 Racer was the last airspeed record setting aircraft to be a certain thing. Wasn't it manual control rather than assisted? Open cockpit. Blimey! Have a think about who else would be building aircraft for speed soon after that. Oh, was it the first one done for fun, not for war? It was the last one done for non-military purposes. Yeah, fact, it was the last private plane to beat the air speed record. What holds it now? So SR-71 for jet powered, atmospheric, Yep. Tupolev Tu-95 for prop driven, callsign Rare Bear, no... It's the Gloud something or Grumbly Bastard or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, Tu-95 Tupolev Grumbly Bastard. To use its NATO codename. Which is interesting because it uses contrarotating props on turbo props. And the propeller tips exceed the speed of sound. Which is why it's called Grumbly Bastard or something, -because it's really f****** loud. -Bloody noisy. And then I think the X-15's still got the rocket propelled, though NASA might have gone faster with one of the lifting body designs. I mean, the batteries are charged. Which means we are taking off with the lever I don't have. The fact batteries are full, we are jumping to another time and place, as our time machine takes off we say thank you again to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I love those fact batteries. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you another time. Alright, time out.
These are the Sound Mirrors on Romney Marsh on the south-east coast of England. And in the 1930s, these were Britain's experimental early warning system against aerial attack. And with the help of a few folks, today we're going to test them. Now the small dishes over there, they were the first mirrors at this site. But sound waves from the bass of a plane engine have a wavelength that is much longer than the whole surface of those dishes. So in 1929, this 200-foot wall of concrete was constructed and to test it, we've got a drone. Now back in the '30s, there would have been microphones set up all along the edge of this concrete forecourt. And those microphones were specially designed and tuned to only pick up certain frequencies. The project lead, Dr. William Tucker, wrote that they wouldn't react to a loud air horn nearby, but when conditions were right, they would pick up the low hum of an aircraft engine 27 miles out to sea. That signal would become the twitch of a needle on a gauge in a control room behind that wall. That hole just there, that was the operator's window. Now we don't quite have that much bass today, but... Take her up! Now our engineer Ben has put a microphone here at the mirror's central focus. Thank you, Ben. And also one outside the mirror, so you can compare [drone buzzing] ...that sound. [drone buzzing] [wind noise] And, sure, 27 miles is asking a bit much, the drone is a lot quieter, conditions are nowhere near perfect, there's a lot of other noise from birds and from everything that's been built in the last century and that mirror has 90 years of damage on it, but listen. [drone buzz] [wind noise] This does still work. Okay, take it sideways! Now the mirror's focal point is different depending on the direction of the incoming plane, so the operators could work out the direction of approach based on which microphone was picking up the sound. So as the drone goes sideways, listen, [insects chirp] the focus moves and that mic doesn't pick up anything. Alright, bring her in! Now at one point, there were plans for a long string of sound mirrors across the whole of the southern English coast, but there were a lot of problems with that idea. Not only does it require a huge amount of resources to construct and maintain anything like that, it's easily swamped by other noise, cars and trains and new-build houses drowned out the signal. Any other engines in the same direction get picked up too, which meant that you could either have friendly aircraft patrolling or you could have people listening at the sound mirrors, but never both at the same time. [drone buzzes] And then humanity invented radar and building 200-foot walls of concrete became obsolete very, very quickly. So this was never used in wartime, but it does still work. There's not much technology that, er, [drone buzzes] that can survive 90 years of decay, but when your technology is a massive lump of concrete, I guess that's a little bit easier. I'm talking about the history of radar over on the RAF Starrship channel, everything that replaced this. Thank you very much to all the team from that, who helped make this happen. Humanity invented radar and building 200-foot walls of concrete [stuttering drone] became a little bit obsolete.
[whispering] I'm inside one of the Inchindown oil tanks, an old oil storage facility in Inverness, in Scotland. This tank is 237 metres long and it's not meant for humans. When it was in use by the Royal Navy all this colossal space would have been filled with fuel oil. With these oil tanks, the Royal Navy accidentally created the greatest reverberation chamber in the world. Flat surfaces enclosed by solid rock, and a chamber big enough that sound takes a whole second or more to go off the far wall and bounce back. But still narrow enough that you get lots of reverberation from all the close surfaces as well. - The construction started in 1938 and it carried on right through the beginning of the war up to around about 1943. The Admiralty had decided that they required bomb-proof storage for their oil. So they set about building a number of oil tanks across Britain. And this, Inchindown, is one of them. The construction required six tanks to be built. The entire complex could easily contain 100,000 tonnes of fuel but one single Royal Navy battleship can drink 5,000 tonnes. So it could go very, very quickly. It is a truly amazing chamber of sound, a cathedral of oil and a cathedral of sound. - So now I'm going to shut up for a bit. Preston here is going to fire a starting pistol, a very, very loud bang. On the screen is a visual display of that sound. Different frequencies will reverberate for different amounts of time so you will see that and hear that. And as it gets quieter we will turn up the level on the microphone so it's easier for you to hear. Right, everyone ready? Thank you to the Bannerman Group for letting us into the tunnels, to Allan, Alan and Preston for helping with everything here, to Matt Gray who is behind the camera and who's had some musical experiences over on his channel. Go for it. Aagh! That is terrifying.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we are playing Citation Needed... Carry on, Tom(!) Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it’s Chris Joel. Now available in pill form. Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan – Gary Brannan. "Burn the cities. "Salt the earth so that no-nothing may ever-y there grow ag..." Can I do that again, because I really screwed that up? No! And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Hello, live studio audience! In front of me I’ve got an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding… And there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is… And today we are talking about the $100 hamburger. Whoa! Tastes crap, no beef in it. Just two bread buns. Dollars. “This seems like a waste!” The worst thing was: all ones. Well at least there's fibre content there! I was thinking a single $100, which would just look lousy. And now, Gary Brannan’s burger opinions. Yes. Too many things on top: s***. McDonald’s! Oh, depending on what you get, alright- Wimpy. Oh, by far the superior because they give their prices in pence. And it comes on a plate, like a civilised person. Wimpy comes on a plate? Wimpy’s, if you go into a Wimpy, and there’s not many left, I’ll mark you, they come on a plate, with like a knife and fork. Phrasing! They do, they do. Is this one of things that’s been invented by a chef as ostensibly a publicity stunt that needs something like wagyu beef, or something like that? Those do exist, I’m fairly sure there's a $1,000,000 burger with gold leaf or something out there, but this is not that. It is not actually even a hamburger. Is it the genetically grown in a petri-dish kind of one that they did? Oh no, right now that’s a lot more expensive than this is. Oh yes, it is, isn’t it. It's at least, like, $200 or something like that. If it was only £100 to grow your own burger without a cow… I was going to say, it would still be cheaper to slaughter a cow. Is it a person from Hamburg? Oh! Or anyone with the right to vote in a township? - What? - It is a phrase... A burger is someone who has a burgage and therefore holds a burgage plot and has the right to vote in a town. - Really? - Thank you very much. - There you go. - I am learning! - Archivist fact. - Fact. A $100 hamburger is certainly about food, but this is slang for something you might do in general aviation. Is this... is this Elvis? Oh. You have jumped ahead in my script, but you know what, yes, I am going to give you the point. Yes, this is the fool’s gold loaf that he- Yes. So what's a $100 hamburger then? Before we get into the fool’s gold- Is it where someone rocks up and goes, “I’m going to get a burger, and I’m going to go in a plane to get the burger,” and then eat the burger in the sky, and go, “Ha, ha, ha, sky burgers.” Yes, you know what, I'm going to give you the point there. It is basically an excuse to use your plane and fly, to keep your hours up, “I’m going to go get a hamburger from that place.” Wimpy! I would love to see you try and land a plane at a Wimpy. Bowling alleys. Oh, all slippy. Also, that would be a 10,000 pence hamburger. Yes. In the environs we are talking of, in York, there is a ring road around the bowling alley. Now if you were to do that about one in the morning, I reckon it would be quiet enough to get a Cessna down there. Yes, but the Wimpy’s not open. S***. Elvis... I forget, I think he heard about it at a party, as Elvis would, you know, in the Jungle Room. My mum and dad went to Graceland, and I think it can be described as ‘disappointing’. I went there a long, long while ago- It looks like a ’60s council planning officer’s self-designed house. It looks really poor from the outside. That’s a really specific gag, but he's right. He is absolutely right. It does. But Elvis heard about this thing, and... Is it a loaf of bread that's hollowed out, and it's full of peanut butter, and jam, and banana, and it's fried? You have missed- it’s not banana, it is something even worse for you than... - Jelly? - Banana ice-cream? - Bacon! - Oh, I forgot the bacon. It is an entire loaf. We are not talking like a small- I mean, I will give you a point- It's not, like, a little one, it is a full loaf, hollowed out, filled with a couple of pounds of bacon, and peanut butter, and grape jelly. So, jam, but like- Oh jam. Oh fine. Oh yes that’s fine, yes(!) Well jelly is all wobbly, it'll sq... Well it's not a children’s treat now, is it(?) Roughly how many calories does the fool’s gold loaf…? All of them. Yes. All right, Price is Right rules, closest without going over. There's not a number, there's just a letter! It's got an ‘about’ in here. And bearing in mind the bread is baked with margarine and oil and things like that in it as well. Ten thousand. Ten thousand? I think it's about a daily allowance. I think it is about 2,500. Fifteen thousand. Gary wins, it's 8,000. Price is Right rules. Only barely! I'm still giving you the point. It is four days’ worth of food. - Jesus wept. - Every evening. Because doesn’t he get everyone together, goes to his private jet, flies four hours or something, to wherever this place is that makes it. They have some waiting in an aircraft hangar for him, and I assume that can’t waddle out of the aircraft hangar at this point in time. They sit on the steps of the plane, scoff it, and then fly home. Where do you get this? I'd like to try some of it. Ah, right. So it was made by a restaurant called the Colorado Mine Company in Denver, Colorado. Which is quite a way away from where they were- Yes, Memphis to Colorado. Who invents this? You can’t do that by mistake. It is not like a Bakewell pudding, you know, or anything like that. That is genuinely someone has seen bread, jam, bacon, peanut butter, pfft, go for it. Whatever happens, happens! That is a common American sandwich though. Not the size, quantity though. - Peanut butter and jelly- - Isn’t it? Yes, peanut butter and jelly is a normal thing, but the bacon's in there as well. You are pretty much right – "taking his private jet from Graceland, "Presley and his friends purchased 30 of them-" Whoa. You can’t open a window on that plane. That's a long four hour flight. They didn’t turn the engines on though, they just sat in the back and waited. Yes, they never left the airport, they invited the pilots to join them as well. Ha, I think the pilots would be well advised to lock the doors(!) There is also something called the ‘Elvis Sandwich’, and you got some of the ingredients of this earlier. This is a... I have had one. Or something that claims to be one, in a burger place vaguely near here. And it was a lot of food. Does it start with a slice of Elvis? 'Cos the one I’ve had was banana, peanut butter, bacon and- That’s it, you have got the ingredients. You are absolutely right. Peanut butter, bacon and banana. Oh, so that’s not as bad as it could be, then? Well, no, but erm- If you are ordering one, don’t order the chips. You don’t need them. Don’t order bacon chips either, because you really don’t need them(!) In a sandwich that pretty much killed Elvis? They've thought: how could we make this more deadly. Again, I am going to give you a point. It's "the sandwich that killed Elvis". Yeah. Well not specifically one. The many sandwiches that killed Elvis. No, no, there was just one. It was at the back of the theatre that night. Just waiting. Elvis was known for a ludicrous calorie intake. Oh, I thought he was famous for singing? I was going to say! I mean, he was famous for many things... They just found it afterwards. Oh, he can sing(!) He could hold a tune(!) I don’t think that the massive calorie intake got him that Vegas residency, Tom. I don’t know. Hoovering up the ‘all you can eat’ buffet, what’s left? Oh don’t, I... All he can eat, yes! Last time I went to- it's a shaming story but I'm going to share it with the world, because this needs to be out there. Last time I went to an all you can eat buffet, right- Oh boy. I had a few beforehand. I mean, there's a picture of like a big jug of lager appearing on the table. And it's one of these world buffets. It's underground, there’s no windows, you can go in there and not be judged, and just eat whatever. You want a Yorkshire pudding with custard and chicken tikka in it? Gonna do it, right. Can happen. I didn’t, I didn’t, I didn’t, I didn’t. They were on separate plates, that's fine. They didn’t have any custard, they had to use Pepto-Bismol. But there was one point later on. They have an ice cream section, and this was later in the evening, and I wanted some ice cream, right? And I manhandled the lid open. Only afterwards I realised it should be opened by a staff member, but you know, whatever. "Mine. Ice cream. Grrr!" Are you doing the thing where you take a plate, and then you leave the plate and take the tray? Well, that's... yeah! There was a point where I saw this lovely yellow sphere there, and I was like, that’s a lovely looking ball of lemon sorbet. It’s got a little bit of chocolate on it, that’s exactly what I fancy right now. Popped it on my plate, and I was chased by someone because I had picked up a plastic ball pool ball that had chocolate on it as decoration. Stuff that looks like food near an all-you-can-eat buffet is a recipe for disaster. Well, that was my argument! Ha, ha, hey! Thanks Matt, no-one else liked it. I'm the only one that liked that, aren’t I? There is a reference: increasing fuel prices mean that a Cessna now costs about $95-130 per Hobbs hour to rent. What is a Hobbs hour? It's got an imaginary tiger in it. Sadly, no E, but it would be good. Oh, screw that then. Flying hours? Or is it the time you are in the air, or something like that? The time you are off the tarmac, as opposed to fannying around getting on the runway? Yes. What might you measure that with? Hobnobs. A big tape measure...? For time? Don’t judge me, it is the way it’s always worked for me. You should see his watch. “It’s 37 inches this afternoon.” Chronometer? Yes, what's the chronometer called? Geoff. Swing and a miss. The clue is in the question. The Hobbs Chronometer! Yes. It is a Hobbs meter. It is a- “Yes, I have got seven Hobbs.” It is a meter that measures hours in the air, but how do you measure that? How do you rent an aircraft and work out the time it has been flying for? Is it triggered by when the wheels go up? If you are renting the plane, you want your Hobbs Meter to not run for as long as possible, because while it is running, then you're paying. So what system are they using to make sure that people don’t cheat it? Airspeed meter that only comes in above the stall speed? Yes, you are absolutely right. And in fact, I am going to give you a point for landing gear as well. A pressure switch attached to landing gear, or an air speed sensing vane under a wing. Either way, you make sure it is up. Does that mean they do a lot of stalling to get some free hours out of it? Oh my God! Stall all the way down, and then fly back up again. This is one of the things, it used to be how long the electrical system was on. How did people get around that? Were they gliding to land? More than that. Just doing long glides? Just not turning the electrics on? How? Yes, absolutely right. Flying with the electrics off. Oh, boy! Get up in the air, get going – because once you have started, you don’t need the electrics. Turn them off. Oh, because it's an... engine. Yes, spend 20 minutes with no radar or- No cigarette lighter. No radio. Ahh. And no radio... Your phone's got a battery, so it'll keep playing the music, it'll be fine. But you keep getting those notifications from Spotify, and the next time... ...I'm in a mountain! Yes. There is also Tach Time. Tachometer? Yes, have a point. What's that measuring? Distance. Tachometer. Like in a lorry. Not in this case. Not for a plane. Because plane not on motorway! - Very good, Gary! - Unless something has gone very, very wrong. Or unless you want to rock up outside York Megabowl one morning! Good point there. You won’t be laughing when I do that in a 737. I will! At which point we smash-cut to five days later and York local news, ‘Man Lands 737 at York Megabowl’. “They said I couldn’t do it!” It is the speed that the engine is rotating. Oh, is it the amount of rotations of the propeller, or whatever? Yes. So if it, if it is designed to run at 2400rpm, you can reduce your tach time by making the aircraft go a bit slower and a bit safer. So if you've been out for, say, 20 minutes on your normal timer, and then your tach time says you have been out for three hours’ worth, they know you have been bombing around going… I am not entirely certain that's the noise that a little Cessna makes, as opposed to a Spitfire. It is when he's making that noise in it! I tell you what, I have been on a plane with you. He just does that constantly. With the flying helmet and the mask. Yes, you get funny looks at Stansted when he's- As you are walking past the queue to get on, shouting “I’m the driver!”? Driver. Yes. Which, to be fair, when you're going down a motorway outside York Megabowl at one in the morning- At the end of the show- Congratulations Gary, you win this one. Whay! You win a visit- I can’t believe you're cringing and you wrote it. You win a visit to a late night electrically-boosted bathing spray, run by a member of boy band Another Level. It is Dane Bowers After Hours Power Showers- F***! You try writing a description for ‘shower’ that doesn’t include the word ‘shower’. Bathing spray! With that we say thank you to Chris Joel. Bye, everybody. To Gary Brannan. To Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time.
I'm in Tromsø, in Norway, in the Arctic Circle, And this beautiful thing here; is one of the boats that plies the Hurtigruten, and I am probably mispronouncing that. But the fast route from down in the south-west of Norway, all the way to here in the Arctic Circle. And I say fast route, it takes seven days. But here is something you might not know, this is an excellent example of slow television. Something that the NRK, the National Broadcaster, the equivalent of the BBC or PBS, excels at. In 2011 they took a load of cameras and just attached them to this boat and broadcast its journey 24 hours a day as it went up. Well not specifically this boat, one very much like it. Also, because they did it in the middle of summer and it was not a freezing cold mid-afternoon - -- it's about 2:30 as I record this -- It was beautiful all the way. Norwegan fjords, gorgeous sun, well if you want to see it fortunately they released all the footage through Creative Commons, so there's some interesting mashups here on YouTube if you don't want to wait the full 134 hours. But people did. Here's the strange thing: people did watch this. Maybe just for a few minutes, maybe for a few hours, maybe they just kept it on the television all the time, in the same way as they kept on the train that stayed for 24 hours thorough Norway or the log fire that simply burned. Slow television is an antidote to the reality TV show and the fast cut editing of today. And is it massively popular? Well, no, of course not, that's why you're watching 2 minute videos on YouTube rather than 134 hours of footage of a boat, but don't rule it out because its surprising how many people will just tune in for a little while, to something calming and pleasant and slow And that is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is not an artificial swimming pool, and it's not filled with chlorinated, treated water. This is a natural spring in Weeki Wachee, Florida. And it's at the top of a massive system of caverns, where the Weeki Wachee River surfaces. Hundreds of millions of litres of water forcing its way out the ground every day. But while the spring might be natural, what's going on under the surface definitely isn't. It's created by humans, because for more than 70 years, there's been a mermaid show here. - Toughest part of the job, I definitely think, is training. Took me about six months to swim my first show. Once you get hired, you get scuba certified and then you can start on the hose, which -- that's the process that takes the longest. Learning how to breathe and be comfortable down there. It takes a lot of breath control and building your lungs. Teaching your lungs and stretching them and getting them used to holding the air. The longest we hold our breath here is the Ferris wheel. That's when we hold each other and we spin around. The water is 74.2° year-round. It's very cold being in there. - We have approximately 20-25 young women on staff who perform as mermaids. We also have about three or four gentlemen that play the role of the prince in our version of The Little Mermaid. - This place is the work of a man called Newt Perry, world class swimmer and swimming coach, former diver for the U.S. Navy, and consultant to Hollywood. He looked at this spring and thought, "I could put a show on in there". The first theatre had 18 seats, but by the sixties, the ABC television network had bought the place, and built a theatre for 400. And it was selling out. - Well, 117 million gallons of water coming from a very tiny opening at the bottom of the spring on a daily basis will provide a current, and it's about a 5mph current. They're not swimming in a tank. There's so many different species of wildlife that inhabit a Florida river, we get 'em all. Turtles, otters, the manatees are always a favourite. - The turtles love to get in the way, and they'll follow your tail around. We don't really have snakes come that often. Every once in a while, blue moon. And then sometimes we'll get alligators. If they're in a range that's too close, we'll get out of the water. - In the 60s, Weeki Wachee was a spectacular, world-famous tourist attraction. But by the 90s, the consensus was that is was a relic. Dated and down on its luck, at least compared to the shiny new theme parks that Disney and Universal were opening over in Orlando. In 2003, the New York Times called this place "aging" and "faded". But it turns out that once something gets old enough, with the right marketing, "outdated" can become "retro". "Historic". - Weeki Wachee Springs was a private company all the way up until 2008, when the state of Florida, in an effort to help save it, acquired the attraction. And not only did they acquire it for the natural resource that we have here, the spring, the scrub habitat that surrounds the spring, but also because of the cultural significance of what the mermaids have meant to Florida tourism for seven decades now. - Weeki Watchee is never going to be on same level as Walt Disney World. It couldn't be. But the same day I'm here, the Florida state tourist board have sent a crew to film. The last audition call for mermaids here made the news around the world, and the articles are sounding a lot more positive than they did 15 years ago. In the 21st century, Weeki Wachee is becoming a bit of living history. History that still has three shows a day. - Being a mermaid is the best job anyone could ask for. My favourite part of the job is dealing with the kids and making a difference in the community. We do a lot of dealing with Make-A-Wish programmes, and these kids think that you're really a mermaid and they think that everything you're doing is so magical. Just making such a difference in their lives, just by coming to work, we're pretty lucky that we can do that. - Thanks to all the team at Weeki Wachee Springs State Park. You can find out more about them at the links in the description.
I am under the English Channel on a train in one of the wonders of the modern world: the Channel Tunnel. And it's easy to take the tunnel for granted these days: you just buy a ticket, take your somewhat ridiculous leopard print suitcase-- it's not mine-- on board the train, and a couple of hours later you're in Paris. And it's easy to forget just what a wonder this thing is, and it's easy to forget that it was 200 years, nearly, from the first proposal to put a train under the English Channel-- actually, it wasn't a train back then, it would've been horse drawn carrages lit by oil lamps-- to this wonderful construction under the seabed itself. And here is something you might not know: those older schemes, those somewhat ridiculous Victorian schemes, some of them actually started. In 1881 exploratory tunnels were made about a mile out from the UK, and out from France. There was a tunnel started, but then the British press and politicians got cold feet, and thought it might compromise our national security. And in the 1970s the British government at the time was all for building a tunnel, but then they got cold feet when the economy tanked. But just imagine: we might have had a Channel Tunnel a century earlier if it hadn't been for Britain being worried about its sovereignty, although given there was World War II and Hitler really could have invaded through it, perhaps they were onto the right idea. That is something you might not have known. [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Today's show is sponsored by Simon Cowell's Owl Towels! Made with real owls. This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. I have an almost randomly selected article from everybody's favorite reliable source of knowledge, Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], And there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is: Oh my! And today we are talking about... The Arctic Winter Games. Oh ho ho ho American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt ho! What the hell was that? That's one of the events. Yeah! Best chuckle. In a cold environment. It's probably gonna be pretty parky out, so I'd imagine your outdoor events would be pretty quick, really. You need a hearty chuckle to warm you up. You would; a hearty, belly chuckle. Who's he? He's the Chuckle Brother! You're right, though, it is very cold. Do you know where it's being hosted this year? — Errr... the Arctic. — The Arctic. GARY: You made this mistake... CHRIS: Twice in as many shows. It's actually not in the Arctic this year. Well, that's a load of balls then! Is it in the Antarctic? No. Oh. Are we talking, it's not in the Arctic but on some kind of technicality, the nearest place? It's just below the Arctic. GARY: Yeaaah, right. Is that the old name for the Winter Olympics, and is it in Sochi? — No, it's not. — Okay. — No, not at all. — Oh, good shout though. Good shout. Svalbard! These are entirely different games. What could be so different that you can't do...? I imagine this is crazy stuff like hollowing out your own canoe. We'll get to games in a minute. First, where is it? Tromsø? Alaska? CHRIS: Greenland? TOM: Fairbanks, Alaska. Point to you. [DING] Oookay. And you asked who was going to be involved in this... Well, the catch here is that it's not for the world, it's for... ...Inuit and other indigenous peoples only. Point. It's for all the cultures around the Arctic. [DING] Ahh. Can someone tell me any of the contingents, rather than countries, that are coming from all around the world...? So the people that live in Greenland, and all the... Yeah. Greenland is a contingent, yep. Point. [DING] And Canada? Northwest Territories, yep, another point. [DING] Finland, Lapland? — The Sami people. — Yes. Finland. — So the general area up there, yeah. [DING] — Yes. The Yukon's coming up from Canada... The Yamalo-Nenets from Russia. MATT: That is a lovely word. CHRIS: Cool. It is. I say, it's... It's like I'm saying, 'Oh yes, the Wiltshire Yamalo-Nenets.' 'I know them... didn't they own most of Cheshire?' This from the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. Okr... aw, you can't have 'Yamalo-Nenets' and then tip it off with 'Okrug' on the end. I've got an ok-rug in my hall. [Laughter] So, we may as well get to this, then: What kind of events are being played at the Arctic Winter Games? That aren't — I mean, there's the obvious ones, yes. There's alpine skiing, and there's figure skating, there's ice hockey and the games to do with that. What are the ones you wouldn't find at the Olympics? So is it speed snow structure building? Out of snow bricks? Speed-gloo! Ooh. It's a good idea, but no. Iditarod? Dog sled racing? Yes! Dog mushing. [DING] Erm... snowmobile racing. Ohh! Ooh. Now that'd be lovely... There is no mechanically assisted ones in here. There's biathlon, in which you have a gun to mechanically assist... Is there a Flintstones-style snowmobile? [Laughter] That's called alpine skiing, and I'm giving you a point for it. [DING] That'd be great, though. Snowmobile racing would look brilliant. Well, X Games, they do it, don't they? Winter X Games? Yeah. There are a couple you wouldn't expect in here, which are very much more... Elementary rocketry. ...indoor sport. Squash. — Erm... close... — Yes. — Badminton. — Point! [DING] Thank you. What! Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off! I say 'elementary rocketry' — not right. — He says 'badminton'... — Yup. At least that's a sport! [Laughter] CHRIS: True, that's true... GARY: Are you telling me rocketry is not a sport? It's not in the X Games yet. Eh, it should be. I don't know if they have, like, a Double X Games, for the... — Or Triple X Games, I was just thinking that... — Triple X Games! Now that I would pay to see. MATT: You'd probably have to pay. GARY: You probably would have to, yes! In fact, I'm fairly certain, should any of our viewers Google that, you will in fact be able to pay to see that. Now, there's one here which you're never going to get the name of, which is called 'Dene Games', D-E-N-E. I may be pronouncing that wrong; it may be Dené. [NB: It is.] And there is no reference to this anywhere on Wikipedia, so before we started, I went out and had a look at what these are. And these are traditional forms of competition of the Northern cultures. Okay. Do you want to guess what they are? Because they are interesting, to say the least. Are they sports? Is this where you end up with weird things like toe-wrestling and... Oh! You know, you're pretty damn close. — Yeah. — It's that kind of thing. Thumb wars, that kind of thing. So I'm going to give you the names, if you can tell me what this involves... Stick Pull. Is that where you try... Oh... two guys holding a greased stick, isn't it? Something like that, pulling against each other? It's not greased, but yeah. It's the one who ends up with the stick wins, Or the one who drags the other person's hand past them. Oh, all right, okay... Yeah, because I've seen that. I think they do that up on one of the northern Scottish isles as well. Oh, right. Because that culture feeds in from Nordic and things as well. — Yes, it will, yeah... — So I think I've seen that one. How about Finger Pull? Pull my finger! Well, you could — I mean... You know what? Point. [DING] Is it who pulls the finger and farts loudest? Seriously, tell me. — No. No it's not. — Oh, come on... Is it like a game of peanuts? Have you each got hold of the other person's one finger and... — Yep. — First one to scream out loses? It's not first one to scream out. I'm giving you the point... [DING] It's the first one to — well, they take turns defensive and offensive. It's the first person to straighten the other person's finger. — Ohhh! — Ohhh! And according to the thing I'm looking at, they have buckets of ice water on hand... There is a judge who's making sure you're not doing jerking motions that will dislocate something, but other than that... CHRIS: It's a smooth sort of... TOM: Yeah. Woooh. That sounds quite painful, actually. It almost... well, right, I'll, er... I'll happily try... — Everybody... it's live Finger Pull. — Do you want to make sure we're in shot here? Hang on, we need to commentate. Hold on. Right, let me see how this goes. I can't even see because of...! I think... I wrap my finger round like that... — Tom Scott, wrapping his... — (There we go. And now I have to try...) — Tom Scott is going for an offensive... — (Ugh!) — Who's offensive, who's defensive? — I'm offensive! GARY: Tom Scott is offensive. We all knew this anyway. CHRIS: I do find him offensive. Erm, he's pulling very hard on Matt Gray's finger... That's actually surprisingly difficult. — Let's try it the other way. — Okay, yeah. Go. Okay, and Matt Gray now offensive... — Aagh! — Ah! Well, that lasted. Okay! Matt is better at this game than I am. [Laughter] Quite easy, really. Does anyone want to make a comment about the strength of Matt Gray's right hand? Anyone? Not me, at the moment... [Laughter] ...sit here and be a little bit disappointed in myself... Well, everybody... Matt, we've found where you're going next. It's the Ice Games for you. As Britain's representative in the Finger Pull. [Laughter] Can you imagine, you're the country's champion finger-puller? How many fetes and stuff are you ever gonna open? Pull my finger? [Laughter] Oh, that's a sponsorship, if ever there was one. Erm... Pole Push. — Do you push a pole? — Is it where you push a pole? You do, but I'm going to need more than that... Have you got two teams trying to hold it up or something? — I'm going to give you the point there, Gary. — Oh, wow, okay. It's basically reverse tug-of-war. [DING] — In that, rather than trying to pull the team past... — Okay yeah, you're trying to drive the other team... You're trying to drive the other team past... A back marker rather than a centre marker. I like the idea of people who play these games going to see a tug-of-war contest and yelling that 'You're doing it wrong!' 'Wrong way, you fools!' There are two more in this category. One is Hand Games. And this is the simplest damn thing, and I can play it right now if there is, er, something around here... here we go. We can literally play Hand Games right now... Tom's opened his wallet. Bloody hell. TOM: Which hand? MATT: Right hand. GARY: Left. Therefore, one of us wins. Matt Gray wins! Point. [DING] Seriously? [Laughter] That is the Hand Games. And there are all sorts of regulations on what you can and cannot do as a distraction. Like have a live fish in your hand when you open it. — Yeah. — Magic. I want to see that in a stadium of eighty thousand people. Yeah! All I'm seeing is a slightly more interesting version of watching Derren Brown. Aw, he'd be banned outright, wouldn't he, the wizard. The sorcerer. He'd have in one hand, no coin, and in the other hand, a coin that then disappears and reappears in the other. Magicians. The last one is the wonderfully titled Snow Snake. Heh heh, right. That's not a cock joke, Gary. Oh, I think you'll find it is. [Laughter] Please tell me it's a spitting cobra covered in snow. No. Crawl as far as you can in the snow, on your belly. You're not crawling, yourself. — No, I'm not. I'm sat in a chair. — Your wife. Drag someone through the snow, make it look like they're crawling. No, you're definitely... You're getting an object to move through the snow. A snake. — No. — A rock. Stick? Cocktail stick. I'm going to let you have 'stick'. Spear. [DING]. Oh, all right. Okay, yeah. Er, so you've got... Do you glide it along the ground? Underhand spear slide sort of affair. And a point for underhand. [DING] — Ah! — Exactly right. That is Snow Snake. GARY: Well, it couldn't be overarm, could it. MATT: It's like long curling. That's spearing. Thunk! 'Oh, no.' You have an icy surface, and you see how far you can send your spear. Cool! There is another set of games... So you have the Arctic Winter Games, you have the Winter Olympics, and then you also have the World Eskimo Indian Olympics, WEIO... which is held in July or August. Ah? Which is 'games rooted in ancestral hunting and survival techniques'. Does anyone want to take a guess on a couple of the events that are... Laugh at Bear Grylls. Real Life Canoe Battleship. — Wait, what? — 'F-3!' Yeah! Lob a rock. Just a big tarpaulin hung over the middle, with a little, I dunno... a little ice pool or something, and bunging rocks over the side, yeah. — Are either of us right? — No! Not even close. There is a game called Drop The Bomb. Is that where you go s*** in someone's front yard? Because on ice, you would need the grip and everything to be able to get away with that, wouldn't you. [Laughter] Not leaving footprints and stuff that can be traced. Er, Drop the Bomb. No, it's, erm... A person kind of lying face down, arms outstretched as a cross... — Right... — Three spotters position them, Participant tightens all their muscles, the spotters lift the body... and have to carry them as far as possible before their arms sag and they can't hold themselves in that position any more. MATT: Ah... I think we did that at school. GARY: We are trying this *now*. We also have the Ear Pull. Does anyone want to take a guess how that works? Er, that's...! Is it something a bit like that? It is, isn't it? ...point. [DING] Not strictly. There are two people sitting down facing each other, with twine looped around each other's ears. GARY: Ooo. CHRIS: Oh yeah, I've seen this one as well, actually. MATT: Yes, I've seen that. CHRIS: Yeah and you pull away like that. TOM: Yeah. CHRIS: Yeah, I've seen this one on the telly as well. How's it work then? So... It's just a loop of string that hooks round the back of your ears, and you just pull away. And it says here, it is 'stamina to pain'. — Yeah. — Yeah. That is all it is. It's an endurance competition rather than speed or agility. You see, and they all laughed when you got that dodgy Sky subscription to the Indigenous Peoples' Satellite Network. I don't know how I've seen all these things! But several of them I've seen, yeah. You just — at one point, have you got a 'lost week' or something? More than one. [Laughter] Now the photograph's going to come up of you competing in the events. I don't remember any of this! I've got all these medals, though... 'He is from the South. He is known as Joel of the Sun.' Put this on late at night, around about half eleven, post-pub. Just after the pubs have... We would all enjoy watching men trying to pull each other's ears off. See, that's what they could do on BBC Three. Yeah! Just toe wrestling and gut barging and stuff like that as well, give it a proper international... Cheese rolling once a year... I don't get that. What, cheese rolling? It's just running downhill, innit? It just — well, it's downhill... With a cheese that can kill you. It's more so rag-dolling down a hill... ...with a cheese that can kill you. As long as there's an already dubbed-on 'boing!' for every time someone hits the floor. I've got 'Too Much Cheese Can Kill You' going round my head. CHRIS: Too much...! [Laughs] GARY: [singing] '...cheese can kill you!' 'If you can't make up your mind...' [Laughter] 'Torn between the Edam and the Gouda you left behind...' — Yes! — Heyyy! 'You're heading for disaster 'cos you didn't see the rind...' — Ohhh. — Yes! 'Too much cheese will kill you...' ALL: '...every time.' On that note... You know, I keep doing this, but... Gary, congratulations, you win the show! [Laughter and applause] — You've won the Freedom of the City. — Ah! No, sorry, you've won the Free Dom of the City. So do enjoy him. Ohh. Yes, sir. — Until then, that's been Matt Gray... — Bye-bye! That's been Gary Brannan... That's been Chris Joel... I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time! That was our season finale. Thanks for watching! If you've liked the series, then do let us know. Or better yet, point your friends our way. We should be back some time in early autumn with another run of shows But until then, there are more than thirty audio episodes of our reverse trivia podcast at techdif.co.uk. See you soon.
I’m off to the Arctic for three weeks. And while I’m gone, some guest presenters are going to be taking over this channel. We start with Sally le Page, a biologist from Oxford University, who is going to be talking about the world’s longest lasting battery. Be nice, be kind, I’ll see you in three weeks. Take it away, Sally! I’m in the Clarendon lab in Oxford, where physicists keep a battery with the longest battery life the world has ever seen. It powers the Oxford Electric Bell, and it’s been running almost continuously for over 176 years. It was bought by the Reverend Robert Walker, who was a reader in experimental philosophy at Oxford. That’s what they used to call physicists in those days, and should hopefully give you an idea of quite how long ago we’re talking. He brought it back in 1840. So let’s just take a second to put that in some context. If we skip back another 60 years, the year is 1780. Mad King George is still on the British throne, the US declared independence just four years earlier, and Napoleon is still a schoolboy. Over in Italy, a physicist, Luigi Galvani, was dissecting a frog’s leg with metal tools, but when he touched the nerve, he saw the frog’s muscles twitch and he thought that this was “animal electricity”. Another Italian physicist, Alessandro Volta, heard of this experiment, and realised that the frog’s leg was just a fancy electrolyte that allowed current to flow between the copper and iron tools that Galvani was using. And Volta went on to invent the first ever battery in 1800, called the voltaic pile, made by piling up discs of copper and zinc — well, here I’ve got aluminium foil — and sandwiching them with discs of cardboard that was soaked in brine. And by piling up cells like this, you can see that you produce a battery, and it still works! And then in 1825, the London instrument makers Watkin and Hill made this: the Oxford Electric Bell and the dry pile battery that powers it. And although it was just 25 years after Volta invented the first ever battery, this battery here went on to outlive every single other battery the world has ever produced and has won the Guinness World Record for the world’s most durable battery. How does such an old battery last so long? Well, it’s a dry pile battery, so it’s got a paste inside with the minimum amount of water needed for the electrolyte to work. And all that water is kept in with this solid sulfur coating. But beyond that, we don’t really know what’s inside it. Looking at diagrams of other batteries from around the time, it’s probably got about 2000 of these discs made from zinc and manganese dioxide all stacked up. But to find out what it’s exactly made of, we’d have to cut it open and end its 176-year run. In this time, the bells have run around 10 billion times, give or take, although this is an active physics laboratory, so thankfully for all the physicists around here it’s now inaduble and it’s behind two panes of glass. Each time the bell rings, the clapper takes a tiny one nanoamp of current, but the voltage between the bells is a whopping 2 kilovolts. That’s nearly 10 times the voltage of UK mains electricity. How long can it keep on running for? Well, no one really knows. The people round here reckon that the bell will break from wear and tear long before the battery runs out of power. In 1841, just one year after Oxford bought the bell, the instrument makers themselves wrote in a letter, “The residual electrical power sufficient to keep up the ringing of the bells “seldom lasts more than three or four years. “It’s a pretty apparatus, but alas, “very transient in its working powers.” How wrong could they be? That was Sally le Page, she has some great videos on her channel, check it out — links are on screen or in the description now. Thank you also to the University of Oxford’s physics department for letting us film the bell. Next time: we have someone with some teeth dissolving in soda.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it's Chris Joel. Hello. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. Well, I'm cock-a-hoop. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. This is a public service announcement. These public services are closed. Please use the nearest toilets on the other side of the concourse. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding. And there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... And today we are talking about the Battle of Fishguard. Is a Fishguard a shield? Yes, they hold it in their little... hands. Good luck with this one, Gary. -Oh, s***. -We have started well. I meant the battlers, what are they called, warriors? Let's call them warriors. Were they warriors holding up fish as shields, the Fishguard? What, like a flatfish and then a swordfish in the other hand? Oh! Squelching your way forward and making a… Now, that's a proper combination. Yeah, or a pike. Oh! Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt you. No, is the answer to all of that, I'll just shut that down immediately. I'm going to say Wales. Yes, and have a point. It's a place? Yes, yeah, I learnt it in a Beano annual. I learned it from the shipping forecast. Well, there we go, we all have different routes to education(!) This isn't one, by the way. Yeah, well you'll say at the end, "that taught me a lesson." -Hey! -Ah. -Beano annual? -Well, up yours then. The Fishguard is as place in Wales and this is where the battle took place. No, f***, really? They named the battle after where it happened, unlike all the other battle naming conventions, which were a good 50 miles away. Just to confuse the future tourists. Yeah, it's like in World War 2 when they switched the road signs round. That's a fair point, Battle and actual site of the Battle of Hastings is debatable for instance. So yeah, it has been done. Battle of Waterloo, you can see the remains in Waterloo Station to this day. That's true, you wouldn't have thought they'd have it so close to London, would you? I know. It's just a Friday night before Christmas and everyone's trying to get north, it's just… That's when Abba fell out. When you're ready. Oh, they've turned. -They've turned, they've turned. -It's a poor audience. This was a battle in Fishguard, who might have been attacking and when? -Fishermen. -Actually is it a Cod War? -I was going to go for trawlermen, yeah. -Yeah. Oh no, no, it's a little early for trawlers. So it wasn’t an uprising, oh, was it Vikings? It's a little late for Vikings. So it's somewhere between Vikings and the advent of modern fishing. Where we sit the best. Well, using my extensive historical knowledge… I'm bracing myself, carry on. It's not Victorian. -What! -That was the only other time period I know. I'm going to go 13th century. No, it's… it's much later, this was during the War of the First Coalition. Well, is that... political joke incoming, Is that somewhere around about 2010? This was 1792 to 1797, who might Britain have been battling then? -Virtually everybody. -Yes. Tom, does the wheel spin and land, as it does 50% of the time, on France? Playing the hits, ladies and gentlemen! "We are coming for you." This was an attempt to land a force of French troops in Britain to support another invasion. So they went via Wales? -Yes. -The soft underbelly of England. So where might have been the primary attack force headed? -Ireland? -Yes. Oh, hang on. Because Wales, boat wise, is on the way to Ireland, isn't it? Sure! Well, because if you're boating from the France bit, you get to the Wales bit before you get to the Ireland bit, don't you? If you're coming the right, top right bit of France? Yes. -He's… he's not wrong. -It often depends on which direction you're heading, I suppose, doesn't it, yeah. -The top left. -No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So what was this invasion force intended to do? Invade. That is technically a correct answer. This was a third attempt at invasion, why did some of the earlier ones fail? Far too windy. Yeah, you're absolutely right. That's what you get for having beans on the journey. "Oh, mais oui, le bilious..." "Le windy-pop, c'est grande." So the Wales-bound invasion force, 1400 troops from the Black Legion. Oh, "la Légion noire"! Under the command of an Irish American, Colonel William Tate. Was it the Black Legion from our side? No, this is... well, I'm translating, La Légion noire. -Sorry, Tate rings a bell. -It does actually. Did they… did they invade with art? Tate. No, it actually wasn't recent enough for modern art. Who clapped? Just once as well, which... Thank you. Well, we're going to arrange it so each person takes a single clap at each joke, and on average... Is one clap a greater degree of shade...? 1400 troops invading Wales, essentially. And did anyone ask the Welsh, were they alright with this? It sounds dreadfully rude. Well, you say that, there was a bit of response when 1400 troops arrived. What were these troops made up of? Horses? Cavalry. No, infantry. Horses riding men. That was a real diversionary tactic. 600 were regular soldiers that Napoleon had not required to conquer Italy. So the B team? Yes, 800 were irregulars, now what does that mean? Slight factory seconds. Maybe some chips in the glaze but still useful. Irregulars are paid mercenaries, aren't they? Not quite. Conscripts. Again, not... not quite, it's more general. So they're a special force but not in an SAS kind of way? Yeah, just in, there's something different about these folk. They're special. They're special as in you wouldn't trust them with anything important? -Yes. -Right. -So we have… -This is good. We have the B team and we have the irregulars. And actually I am going to give you a point because it includes: republicans, deserters, convicts and royalist prisoners. Nice. Now, at least that last category is probably not going to be that up for this, would I imagine? Are they going to choose this as a running away opportunity? Yeah, you know what, that's a point. Discipline broke down amongst the irregulars on landing. What a delightful euphemism. Discipline broke down amongst these prisoners that we tried to order into doing something. "And no naughty running away while you're at it, I want you all here by teatime, you understand? "You're on your honour." And yes, they did indeed desert; where and why might they have deserted? Because they're being forced to do things against their will in a foreign nation. Oh, but very specifically they went to try and do something. Cocktail bars. Did they just want some fish and chips and they found a place on the map called Fishplace or whatever it was called? I mean it wasn't so much they were paying for the fish and chips. Did they steal fish and chips? -They just went looting? -That is exactly the right word, yes, they… They're robbers, they'll just go looting! Yes. "You mean these people who we've arrested for stealing, "we've let them go of their own free will, are stealing again?" Let's not forget, we've given them rifles! The set up for the battle, if you like. I don't know what, there is probably a formal term for the armies amassing themselves and getting ready to fight. It is, it's the armies amassing themselves and getting ready to fight. The armies amassed themselves and got ready to fight. But that took a little while, so on the French side they'd sort of taken over a few farmhouses. What's happening in the British command? Tea. A social event is happening. Oh, that's nice. A messenger on horseback arrives to instruct the commanding officer. And the commanding officer was William Knox, what was his immediate reaction? "More brandy!" Yes! "We'll fight them in the morning... "... lunchtime." The thing is you're about right. "Wednesday." -The import… -"I'm not done." "Don't you interrupt an officer of the crown. "Now you may speak." -The import… -"But not about that." The import of this news was slow to dawn on Knox. "I don't know what you mean." His initial reaction was "Really?" The next title here is Battle Averted. Ah. So what happened? A pint of rum for anybody who switches sides. Oh, you know what? Two pints of rum for anybody who switches sides! Mercy for anybody who switches s... "Brandy for anybody who switches sides!" F***ing something for f***ing switching sides and some people did. It's... it's not quite switching sides, is wh... discipline among the recruits had collapsed once they discovered the local supply of wine. So they themselves were drunk. Why might there have been wine in Wales? -Stolen. -Medicinal? Stolen is close. Stollen. The bready thing. "This wine is German Christmas bread! "I'll have none of it." It was actually Portuguese wine. -Washed up? -Yes. A Portuguese ship had been wrecked, some wine had come ashore. -Because they're on the lefty bit. -Yes, where the boats go. Where the boats all go. So Portuguese's version of man o' war probably sank. And some bottles had washed up that were full of probably port. Well, that's gout-worthy, isn't it? -You'd know. -Y.. dammit! The most painful thing that ever happened, don't do it. And I only wish I'd got it through better means. While the British are marching in, what's happening with the locals? Are they rapidly sobering the French up to get them to actually have this fight they fancied? Chasing them out in… with like comedy implements, like people chasing them out with rolling pins and s***? You know what? Mystery Biscuits. The French are approaching, the British under the command of Lord Cawdor, whose HQ is where? Mordor. It doesn't have to rhyme. "Lord Cawdor of Mordor!" "Lord Wellington of Hellington." I mean, no, the local pub, the Royal Oak. -Really? -He set up in the pub, that was his HQ, so he's taken his men from there. It's a very drunken invasion on both sides, this. But pubs could be used for official uses, because they were like a community. You often had inquests and things that took place in the local pub. Obviously not on the top of the bar, that would be rude, but in an upstairs room. So suddenly someone kicking the door in and going, "mine now," they were probably quite used to it, it could be used as courtrooms and things as well. You'd just go over to the Winchester and wait for it all to blow over. Pretty much. The French realised that the British had more people than them. So as the light fails, they go back to their camps for the night. The next morning, what happens at the pub? Well, the British get up and realise that there's nothing left in the pub and therefore have to seek out things like bacon sandwiches, possibly a McDonald's, something like that, just to get them over the night before. -Who comes along to the pub? -Do the French come along to the pub? Yes, two French officers turned up, why would they do that? They too were in search of bacon sandwiches, possibly a McDonald's. Why do you send only two officers to the opponent's HQ? Because one of them is a horse, and has been riding on the back of the man. He knocks on the door with his hooves. I'm looking for a specific word here. Oh my… well, if we start at A. They're negotiating the terms of… Surrender! -Surrender, absolutely, right, thank you, sarcastic clap... Yes, I deserve that(!) Insert French surrender joke here, cutting room floor, there we go, there we go. Yeah, they wish to negotiate a conditional surrender and Lord Cawdor said? -No. -Yes. I mean yes, you're right, that's absolutely...so why did he say that? Because he hadn't had a fight yet and he'd come all this way and brought all those things. And he was hungover and God damn it, somebody was going to suffer. And he's been knocked up early in the morning by these bloody French already. We're going to deal with them well after one, he hasn’t got the papers with him or anything. Does he not have the authority to accept it? No, he absolutely has the authority to accept it. He just didn't want to? Yes, why might he have done that, why might he have turned away a conditional surrender, and insisted that no, it's got to be unconditional? Saw an easy career promotion with a crushing victory. Oh, crushing victory is interesting. -I was going to say... -Crushing loss, I don't know. A sly glance. An impropriety at a society party. I don't f***ing know. No, he... he was saying we can get a crushing victory, essentially, to them. Was he getting a bonus if he won? No, he was bluffing, he was flat out bluffing that he had more people and more on the way, and, 'If you don't surrender you will all die, there are no conditions on this.' "You can't come into the pub because it's full of men, full of them you hear, full of them. "Well, no you can't, you simply can't come through the door. "I can't accept your surrender, there's far too many of us, bye. "Well, lads." And so there is some speculation here, that he got a little bit of help from some people looking on from the cliffs. So what did the French see on the cliffs? People? Turn of the 18th century, does anyone know what a traditional Welsh costume looks like for women? Yes, the pointy hat and the little apron and they tie it under your thing, and then, yeah, yeah, like that, you look like a little Welshwoman, on all the spoons that they sell at the seaside resorts. They sell spoons, alright, they have Welsh ladies on them. I'll give you the point, it's a top hat and a red dress. Yeah. Now, if you're looking at someone far away on the top of a cliff… Oh s***, he didn't think he'd seen more soldiers, did he? Yes. Because they had a shako and the red coat, so he's confused a bunch of watching Welshwomen for a force of infantry, is what you're saying? That is the speculation, that he looked up at the top of the cliffs, and thought, 'There's a lot of people up there, 'and they look like soldiers.' One, invent glasses, two, whatever happens in your life, whatever it is, you're never going to be the man who confused a load of Welshwomen in traditional dress for backup. So what do the French do? Run away. Unconditional surrender, yes, I'll give you the point. The French surrender, the British accept it, Tate is imprisoned briefly, and then returns to France along with most of the force. There is something about this invasion though, there is something; 1797, this was. And there's something special about it, something that is marked out every time, on every little… on every little memorial plaque about this, there is something about the invasion of mainland Britain in 1797. That will be the last invasion of mainland Britain. Mystery Biscuits. Unlike - going back to the start of this, so it's not thrown together - 1066, which is what everyone else thinks it is. Yes, you are absolutely right. The Battle of Fishguard was the most recent landing on mainland Britain by a hostile foreign force. As we record this... -And on that note... -Wow. congratulations, Gary, you win the show. You have won a device to help cool the lower jaws of South American rodents. It's a chinchilla chin chiller. So with that we say thank you to Chris Joel. Thank you. To Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time.
This is Bruges, in Belgium, famous for chocolate, lace and beer. And this is the Half Moon Brewery. There's been a brewery on this site for somewhere around five centuries. There used to be 30 in the city, but modern production and making enough beer to meet the export demands of the world make that difficult. The Half Moon Brewery moved their bottling operation outside the city years ago, about two miles, but brewing stayed here. This was the last brewery in Bruges. There have been new brewers coming along with new ideas recently, so now we are not the only one any more, but we're definitely the oldest one. Who are we to change the location of this brewery? Logistics are tricky when your entire city centre is a World Heritage Site. Getting ingredients in was tough enough, but having to also bring tanker trucks through narrow cobbled streets, fill them up with beer and then drive them out to the bottling plant two miles away, well, they needed a better solution. So they built one. The beer gets into the pipe right from the brewing room, which is here, and goes from one tank here in the city centre of Bruges to another tank on the other side in the bottling plant. The pipeline's about this size, that's the outer diameter, and inside that one you have four pipes which are approximately 8cm diameter. The beer goes through at the rate of about 5,000-6,000l/hr. It's not such a high flow rate that it's under pressure, it's relatively slow. So it takes a batch of beer about a small hour to get to the other side. The beer enters our site here, it goes in one of the big tanks, the lagering process goes on for three weeks, then the beer has to be filtered, pasteurised, we add sugar and yeast, then everything goes into the bottle. Yeast inside the bottle has to do the second fermentation, and that's happening in a warm room. After the transport, we clean our pipes with cleaning products, we put disinfection inside of the pipe, then we flush it with around 300 litres of water before we put beer into the pipeline again. Outside the city centre, along highways, sure, regular excavators were fine. But here, some more creative approaches were needed. Getting permission for this project wasn't easy, but we were lucky to have some forward-thinking people in our city that agreed with this idea and gave us the permit. It runs only under public domain, so only under the streets, not under houses or private properties, and they actually drill from a distance, so they make a hole on every corner of the street, and then they have a guided drilling whereby they don't need to open up all the streets in order to drill. Four months of construction isn't normally a project that's welcomed, but the locals of Bruges seemed to think that this was something special. The locals initially thought it was a joke, I think. People really took to the idea and actually joked a lot about tapping off the pipeline and getting beer in their own home or kitchen. It wouldn't be possible to connect a pub or even a house along the pipeline, however, that's why we invented the crowdfunding, that's where the idea came from, so people could crowdfund to actually get some beer for life, which was the replacement of having a little beer tap in their own house! Thank you to everyone at the Half Moon Brewery in Bruges. Pull down the description for more about them!
Today's show is sponsored by Roger Daltrey's Discount Poultry: It's not fit for human consumption. [Laughter] [Chicken sounds] This is The Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. I have an almost randomly selected article from everybody's favourite, reliable source of knowledge, Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right gets a point and a ding, [DING] and there's a prize for particularly good answers, which is: — Oh yeah! — Oh yeah! I've got a button. Yeah, thing is, when you whacked that, behind you, three chickens just shot in the air, [Chicken noise] firing feathers off. [Chicken noises] Well, if it's discount poultry, there's only so many things you can do with it. Irate pissed off prog rock member. [Laughter] "Stay away from my chicken farm!" "Who are you? Who ARE you?" YES!! We've started! (Oh dear.) He does actually have a salmon farm though, doesn't he? — Yeah, he does. — That's what he retired to do. Wait, really? Yeah, he retired to farm salmon. Was it salmon or trout, er... Was it a fish? Oh yeah, fish. Might be trout. Sorry, are we arguing about the kind of fish that the member of The Who is currently engaged in farming? Yeah. Somewhere down the line, Roger Daltrey is just a fish farmer, now. Do you, what do you think? Like, when you have fish, you give them play things, like a castle or something. Do you think they've got a Rolls-Royce in there? That's a Keith Moon gag, everyone! Yeah, it's okay, I was gonna help there... Oh, it'd be brilliant if he was a proper sort of rock star style fish farmer, Instead of, you know, some square lake in a field, proper glass-sided house or some mansion house. Gary: Oh yeah! Just sealed at the windows. People walking past with trout banging up against the glass. And the fish have got a gigantic people tank. That sounds amazing! I change the air all the time... feed them bacon bits... I've given them a castle to live in and walk out of, and a giant skull that spits water at 'em. I wanna be in a people tank... — You are, Matt. — Join the army. You are, Matt. You already are. Oh, yeah, it's a house. I've never thought of that. Yeah, houses are people tanks, you're right. All we need is some fish outside looking in. We can sort that out. I was gonna say, I can do some compositing work on this camera shot if it helps. Excellent, excellent. That has to happen. No, I just want fish to walk past: Bow tie, bowler hat, kid in a pram... You want a fish to walk past...? There's no water out there, is there, dickhead?! Someone will have to lob it, and it'll just slide... Doonk! Somebody offshot just hoying fish past the glass... What did we do to piss off Grimsby? Well... Where do you start, yeah? Do you want to get to the game at some point? — Yeah. — Yeah, f***. Yeah. Instead of talking about Roger Daltrey's fish farm. Just get Roger Daltrey up on the 'Pedia.' Our topic today is The Big Lobster. ... which I swear I picked before we went off on the Roger Daltrey fish farm thing. The Big Lobster. Actually sounds like a New Orleans gangland boss's name, doesn't it? Whereas I was going for a restaurant. Maybe the two are the same? New Orleans gangland-themed restaurant. No, not themed, it's a front. It's a front obviously, for the gigantic man-sized lobster that lives within! Aha, now... You're looking a bit bigger than man-size here. Bigger than...? A lobster bigger than a man? Yep. A lobster the size of a bear! We'd have known about this. It would have walked over Tokyo by now. It did, they just cleaned up after it. I just got the thought of the actual film version of the bloke dressed as the Giant Lobster. [Roaring] Everybody is giving it that! All these lobsters comin' in here, givin' it that. [Laughter] Hey! Ladies and gentlemen: may I congratulate us on the first visual gag of the Technical Difficulties? First ever visual gag! Chin chin! Okay, so it may not be an actual, "alive" lobster. Oh, f***ing really? You reckon? Is this one of these American things where some state's got an enormous glass fibre one to celebrate that fact there was once one there? Oooh, you're right. It's not Aus... it's not America, I mean. — Is it in fact Australia? — Australia? I might just have given away that with the... Competent hosting, here. Is it in the Tyrol of Austria? [Laughter] Austria! Just on the side of a mountain. "Why have you got this lobster?" "We stole it from Australia." That's the worst accent ever; that's not from anywhere! "He teaches them the folly of their ways, Hansel." "From it, from its claws..." "I say this lobster is a lesson! A lesson to the whole world!" "From its claws will come fondue!" Do you want any more Austrian stereotypes? Do you want like a cuckoo clock? — Yes. — Yes! — ...out of its mouth...or? — Yes! — That'd be great! — Okay. I just like the idea of a lobster doing a sort of "Alien" deal, just like a cuckoo clock. Can you imagine Alien with a cuckoo clock? Dramatic music, slime dripping down... ALL: Cuckoo! Cuckoo! ...just the tension before that scene, as it's coming closer and closer and closer. [Growling] Cuckoo! Cuckoo! "Three o'clock, everybody." ...and then he just hands over this note saying: "Mr. Jones, you are late for your 2:30 appointment." "Thank you, Miss Smith!" Sorry, have we got an alien, cuckoo-clock-bearing Siri? Is that what we're talking about? Steampunk Siri. No, sorry. Steampunk Siri is a butler. "I'm sorry, I couldn't send that telegram just now. "I'll try again later." Completely forgets about it. "Siri, would you fetch me some tea?" "I don't understand what you mean. "Would you like me to call Tim?" "No, no. Fetch me some tea!" To activate him you just press his crotch. [Laughter] "Ooh! Yes, sir. Very good, sir." "Can I help you, sir?" Keeps going off in your pocket a lot. [Laughter and groans] Actually, now I've got the thought of a butler walking up: [Siri noise] Dee-deet! "Doo-doot!" And walk off. You can get different voices for it. You just swap out the butler. No, it's got a generic man and a generic woman that you can just put... If you go outside the city, he just stops working. Tell me about it, yeah. [Laughter] — Er, the Big Lobster. — The Giant — the Big Lobster, everybody. Does anyone want to take a guess at what it's nicknamed? Big Red. It's got a name. Rudy! — Lobby. — Lobby McLob-lob. Lobby is a lot closer than Rudy. We're looking for a name that starts with L. — Are we talking about... — Larry. Larry the Lobster! Spot on. Point! [DING] Ahh, well done, sir. I was going to say, if it's Australian, I'm going to go for LOBBO! Or something like that. [Australian accent] "Castlemaine XXXX brings you..." ALL: LOBBO! [Laughter] "The fast bowling giant lobster!" [Laughter] "Queensland, you're for it!" It's actually in South Australia, so that's pretty accurate, really. It's just the thought of him getting hotter and hotter, going from blue to red. I thought you said *you'd* been getting hotter and hotter then. I thought we were going to get a police box striptease. [Hums blues riff] I'm bigger inside than outside! ALL: Heyyy! Okay, so we're looking at an eighteen-metre-high... — High?! — ...four-tonne lobster here. Is it standing on its tail? So Brannan was surprisingly close with his first guess. Yeah! Yeah, I mean, that's one hell of a lobster roll. And I'm actually giving you a point for standing on its head... [DING] It was meant to rear up over the structure. Horse style? It's a horsey lobster? What stopped it doing that? Yeah. What stopped it from being built...? The... Terrifying the townsfolk. Or is it near an airport or something stupid like that, so with the airport it's going to get clipped on its big claws or something like that? — Planning permission. Yes. The local council stopped it. [Laughter] Point! [DING] Matt, you are getting all the points. Is some local authority bloke sat there: "Garage... garage... extension... giant lobster." [Australian accent] "Now, we like what you've done with the giant lobster... "We're not saying that's a bad idea. "What we don't like is having it rearing up over the whole township. "I think you're going to see a lot of terrified folk there, "We've all seen Godzilla." "We're all worried about, what if it goes wrong?" "We're known as a sunshiny country. "What if somebody visits, they're stood in the shadow of the lobster... "That's it, the tourism industry, it's over. "We're going to have to lie your lobster down, mate." "That said, I'd just like to raise with the council the possibility of the shadow keeping tinnies cool." [Laughter] It's this lobster outline of XXXX. Oh dear... There is a local legend about why it's quite so big. Does anyone want to take a shot at what that might be? Because some of... Is it a Spinal Tap thing? — It absolutely is. [DING] — Hahey! Not *quite* that much. They apparently had the measurements in feet, and then read them in metres. — Ohhh! — Okay, not a factor of ten then. — No. — Brilliant. Someone just brings it in on a big lorry: "Oh, s***, mate, how big did you want it?" Did no one — ah, bollocks... Did no one ring up and go, "Someone wants a hundred-metre lobster? Seems legit." "There'll be no baths for the rest of northwest Australia "...till we've got the fibreglass on this s***!" [Laughter] Point! It's fibreglass and steel. [DING] "What are we going to use it for?" "Strewth, I dunno." "Keeping tinnies cool underneath its rearing body?" [Laughter] Okay, quick fire round: Australia has an enormous amount of big things. Dickheads — Oho! And ba-doomf, onto the cutting room floor it goes! No, that's staying in. That is definitely staying. Sorry, Australia. Sorry, sorry. Oh, like we hadn't alienated that audience enough with the bad accent. The many accents, I mean you've... And the stereotypes... Careful, I'm about to start slighting cricket as well, everyone. I was just about to say... The hell with it. You can't play cricket. On behalf of the Technical Difficulties team, I would like to apologize to all Australians. It is not our fault that you are convicts. All right. Does anyone want to take... Hey, on that — we've made a point, though. Obviously, where I work — I work in the heritage industry... We have records relating to transportees. My favourite reason for someone being transported to Australia goes as thus: It's in Ecclesfield, so just outside old Sheffield Region... Oh, good Lord. South Yorkshire, as represented by my good colleague. Hello. The guy was done for the theft of a duck. All right? [Laughter] That's a good start. It's a "three strikes and you're out" system. A duck: inherently funny animal. Yeah. But if you think about the lack of criminal detection at the time, the duck would have to have been in a bag, quacking. And the guy caught doing it. [Quacking] [Laughter] "Put it back!" Next charge is also for theft of a duck. And the third one is theft of a duck. In the end it turns out, it's the same man's duck three times. In the end I think he was transported just for being a hopeless case, quite frankly. Which, the thought of him being on a ship... "What did you do?" "I killed a man." "What did you do?" "I stole a sheep." "What did you do?" [Mumbles] [Laughter] "I stole the same duck three times..." [Mumbles] "...stole the same duck three times..." For a point each, do you want to take a guess at some of the big things around Australia? Platypus. Wombat. Kangaroo. Hang on, I can only...! Yeah! Tin of beer! Platypus: yes. [DING] Tinnie: yes. [DING] — No, haven't got a wombat. — Alice Springs? Alice Springs: Er, no, but I'm going to give you a point, because there is a big Uluru... I was going to say, Uluru? There is actually a *small* Uluru. I was going to say, is there a tiny... Wasn't Uluru in Star Trek? Yes. The Enterprise's communications officer, that falls in love with Spock in the new movie, is a massive rock. That would be a great — in a red dress. Yes! I've just got the thought of them walking along, and a... [Rock crunching sound] ...sound of a rock just scraping along the floor behind. Yeah. Other big things in Australia... Barrier Reef? Okay, we're looking for models of things that have been blown up. Like, I've personally been to the Big Pineapple. Which is a big pineapple. — Sense of entitlement. — Er... Er, marlin. — Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. — Yes, point. [DING] Lego version of something. Nope. Sydney Opera House? Is there an even bigger version somewhere? No! [Laughter] You've got the Sydney Opera House! Actually... no, er... Sydney Harbour Bridge is a bigger version of the Monkwearmouth Bridge in Sunderland. Yes. I dunno. Big what? Are we talking big fibreglass things in Australia? Big fibreglass things in Australia. Crab! Yes! [DING] Big mud crab. In Cardwell. Have they got a gigantic pie or something? I know pie and pea liquor is quite popular in Sydney. It's the kind of thing I imagine a pie company would build. Yup. The Big Pie is mounted... [Laughter] [DING] ...above a ten-metre pole next to the car park of a drive-through pie shop. Get it! — Drive-through... — ALL: Pie shop?! We've got it wrong over here! Yorkshire — Australia! Australia, we take it all back! You've got a lot to teach us. You've got a lot... yeah! We want your knowledge of gigantic drive-through pie shops! — I've had a... — In fact: I've had a drive-through hot beef sandwich. That's the worst one I've... You drove through a hot beef sandwich. That's a euphemism. I don't know what it's for, but it's a euphemism. No, there's a cafe! It used to be like a, I don't know... A popular chain of takeaway restaurants, but it was taken over by a local cafe company, and they just started flogging hot beef sandwiches out of the window. You try eating a hot beef sandwich in a car! No! It'll drip everywhere. Exactly! Hot gravy down both your arms before a meeting! Louisiana has drive-through daiquiri stalls. — Like, alcoholic... — What?! Because it's legal to have the alcohol in your car, it's not legal to drink it because it's an open container. So they give you the, like, two pints of daiquiri, and a straw... Which they haven't pushed through the... And then they sellotape over the little straw hole. So you can't put it in. Arseholes! — Impossible. Cannot defeat this. — Absolutely impossible. Yup. I was driving in America a couple of weeks ago, and filled up at the petrol station, and the entire, you know — there are two queues. — Yeah. — And the rope, the dividing line between the queues, Not a rope barrier. Crates and crates and crates of beer. Australia has drive-through liquor stores as well. Like, it's basically just a big shed, filled on the interior with beer on all the walls... Whoa, whoa... And then you drive in, you ask for what you want, they load it in the back of your car, you pay, then you drive off. This is why we're not allowed nice things, isn't it. We'd just abuse that in the way that they obviously somehow manage not to. Well, we already abuse the non-drive-through. [Laughter] Yeah. I know that in Australia there was some race, like car racing thing, and they had to restrict it to just one slab, as they call it, of beer. Yes, it's, er... it's the... It's the 24 hours, what's the track called? Yeah, it's the Supercar 24-hour — Bathurst. — Bathurst. Right, yeah. — Bathurst 24 Hours. So you're allowed 24 hours, 24 beers. — ...is the rule. — Yeah, but there was an outcry... But there was an outcry, because they restricted it to... That's 24 beers *per person*. Yeah. One an hour, per person. But they said, there was an outcry at "just 24". [Laughter] [Australian accent] "No..." But actually, in all fairness, I go about one tin per half hour, so... Well, I don't know if I could do that for 24 hours, though, seriously... I was going to say, by the end of the twenty-fourth one, — ...you ain't gonna be asking for more. — While driving. Oh yeah, while driving. [Laughter] Yeah, that was the driver. "Come on, mate! Safety first!" Pit crew, possibly. [Air gun whirring] "Oh, s***, you want some more tyres? Oh, God." "Eh, he'll be fine.' "Inches of tread left, mate. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off." [Laughter] "Rack off!" ...he cried. We're going to be never allowed to go there, are we. That's my visa application f***ed. Erm... so, talking about the gigantic lob... Are we still talking about gigantic things in Australia? — Yes. — Cricket ball. — Ohh. — Cricket ball... — Or bat. — Or stumps. — Yeah. I'm going to give you the Big Wickets [DING] in Westbury. — Natch. — Mmm. "Located at the front of the local cricket pitch." I don't want you to give me the Big Wickets. Somewhere out there, thanks to a nuclear accident, is going to be a gigantic Fred Trueman bowling at those in Godzilla stylee. Yes! Good Lord, that'd be brilliant. But we'd have to invade and bring him back. — Yeah! [Laughter] — Repatriate Giant Trueman! King Kong with Giant Fred Trueman: [Roars] — Pipe. — Thwack! Climbing the Media Centre at Lord's, holding onto Jonathan Agnew like Fay Wray. [Whoosh!] That is a man who does not follow cricket. — Big things in Australia that aren't... — Kangaroo. I said that. — Did you? — Yeah. [DING] Right near the start. — Point. — You ignored it. Ohh. [Laughter] The, erm... big huggy thing that smells of piss and has an STD. — Koala. — Thank you. Er, point... [DING] In fact, two points, because there is the Big Koala, and the Giant Koala. All: Ohhh. The difference in size being...? — Er, not much. — Ah. Kookaburra. Ooh, yeah, good one. [DING] Yep. Because they're pretty big anyway. Yeah. Four and a half metres, the big one, but yeah. They're actually hummingbirds. — Really? — Really? — No, they're kingfishers. — Sorry, I meant kingfishers. Hummingbird-sized kookaburra! — I like the idea of a... — ...kookaburra-sized hummingbird! Just sounds like a Huey coming through. Whoomp-whoomp-whoomp-whoomp! "F***!" — There's a Viet Nam vet, just going back to the... — "Aaa! Aaah!" — "I like the smell of kingfishers..." — Kookaburras... — "...kookaburras in the morning." The thought of the giant kookaburra model again: giant fibreglass, light-up eyes... over a township, *squawking* on the hour. — Ohh, yeah! — [Screech] Oh yeah, because they've got a real horrible grating call as well, haven't they? Yeah, they have, yeah. Well, it sounds like "kookaburra", doesn't it. Oh, of course, yeah. Well, it's the sound they use for the monkey in every jungle movie filmed before 1980. — That kind of laughing monkey sound. — [Monkey call] — Yeah. — That's a kookaburra. In a monkey costume. Not even in shot. They just try and get it to feel the role, you know... Flip the head back, light a fag between takes... "I went to bloody RADA, luv, I don't know why I do this." — [Kookaburra squawk] — The monkey obviously had better unions. [Laughter] The Monkey Film Union! That's why they don't work these days. The kookaburras do all the monkey work. [Laughter] [Groans] On that note, congratulations to Chris, stealing it at the last moment with an enormous number of big things. Love it! You know it. So congratulations, you win a DVD of the film where the singer of "Purple Rain" trades places with a peasant who looks just like him. It's The Artist Formerly Known As Prince and the Pauper. Until next time, that's been Matt Gray... That's been Gary Brannan, That's been Chris Joel... I've been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. [Translating these subtitles? Add your own credit here!] [1. PeriodicGamer [Trevor]] [2. Peter Ambos] [3. DieselWeasel]
I'm in Gibraltar, a bit of British territory on the south coast of Europe. Over there is Spain, and over there, visible on the horizon, is the north coast of Africa. In the 1920s, a German architect named Herman Sörgel saw an opportunity right here. He came up with a plan: to drain the Mediterranean Sea. It didn't seem entirely impossible. The Mediterranean naturally evaporates: more water comes in from the Atlantic than flows out, so if you actually managed to put a dam across the Straits of Gibraltar, the sea would slowly start to dry up. Sörgel said that, after the sea level had dropped maybe 100 or 200 metres, and a fifth of the water area had turned to land, Europe and Africa would be united into one continent, and there'd be huge amounts of new land for settlement and agriculture. And you could use the dam as a massive hydro power station, on a scale never considered before, letting just enough water through to meet the energy needs of all of his new continent. Sörgel made his plan public in the years after the First World War: perhaps, he thought, all that new land and exploration might be the solution to making sure there wasn't a Second. The project was called Atlantropa, and it is one of the most ambitious plans that has even been announced. It would have taken an effort on the scale of the Apollo moon shot. And it certainly got attention from the press and the public: but there were a few slight problems with it. First, there might not have been enough concrete in the world to build a dam that big, let alone all the other secondary dams and earthworks elsewhere needed to make the project work. And Sörgel didn't want the dam here, where the Strait of Gibraltar is narrowest, no, he wanted to build it about thirty kilometres that way, making it much, much longer. It'd have needed to be 300 metres high, and the foundations would be two and a half kilometres wide. But those are practicalities, right? Humanity could probably overcome that with enough effort and enough political will. Not that there would have been enough political will: the people on the Mediterranean coast would be, let's say, rather disappointed that they now lived inland, perhaps hundreds of miles from the sea. Venice and Genoa, the folks there, were particularly unhappy with that. The plan was popular in his native Germany but not particularly outside. And as for Africa: well, it was the early 20th century, their opinion apparently didn't matter. It wasn't so much a merging of Europe and Africa as an attempt at assimilation. But let's assume that, somehow, over decades, the Atlantropa project was built. There would have been some other problems. All that new land would be salt flats, completely unusable for growing crops or... well, for anything, really. And although Sörgel couldn't have known it at the time, some meteorologists now reckon that the project might have diverted the Gulf Stream, sending temperatures plunging in most of Europe and ending local agriculture as we knew it. And also, when Sörgel first came up with his grand plan, there likely wasn't a bomb in the world large enough to destroy a dam that big. Certainly not in one go, you could just about make it work... but that changed quite quickly during the Second World War. Having a single point of failure for millions of people's homes and lives is not ideal. Sörgel died in 1952, and any hope of the project died with him, after he'd spent a lifetime promoting it. But his idea lives on in science fiction, and as a testament, perhaps, not to how big we can actually build, but just how big we can dream.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we are playing Citation Needed Joining me today: he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! Variously verbally, vociferous, verbose, violent, and venile are we. You're doing a different letter each show? I have up to now, I'm going to have to think up some kind of crazy third letter now, but... The bounciest man on the internet: Matt Gray! Hello Youtube! And everybody's favourite Gary Brannan - Gary Brannan! Join me in my balloon to the moon! I... I... Is that a euphemism? I'm not sure if I want to do that or not. On the plus side, it's a balloon to the moon On the other hand, it's Gary's balloon to the moon Do you have respiratory equipment? Gas in it, in't there? There will be with you in there! "There's gas in it, in't there"! In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [ding] and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is And today we are talking about the boobrie. It's a bird. Oh, yes! Point! [ding] Cut, print, done! And as the bullet of mirth headed for the tit-shaped gagfest... Where's the hyphen in that?! I'm trying to diagram the sentence and it's not happening Anywhere you could put a hyphen changes the... Is it an Australian bird? No, it's not. You're in pretty much the exact opposite around the Earth -- Norwegian! -- Not... not, uh, about... -- Canadian! -- West Coast of Scotland. You're right, it's a bird... sort of It can also appear in other forms -- Is it a fish? -- No. In the same way that a duck is a fish? A wee mythical beastie! Oh, it is, have a point. [ding] A shape-shifting-ma-thing -- I was going to say -- You know what... Well this is a quick one isn't it? Instant points. Instant biscuits. Do I get a point for mentioning Kelpies and Selkies? Oooh Other shape-shifting Scottish beasties Yes, you can have a point for that as well [ding] Do you want to talk about the Kelpies? Err. I can't remember which way round a Kelpie and a Selkie is it's a thing that looks like a seal that transforms into a people on land or something like that -- or shape shifts -- Shape shifting water spirit. -- Can you get a selkie stick? -- Ugh! A thing that changes from a seal to a person, while walking out of the sea? That's just a very unobservant person on land, isn't it? Well, yes! That's how shape-shifting myths happen. They've looked away, they've looked back, there's a man. And at no point have they gone "'the two of these aren't related". They've gone- "Hoots mon!" Ideally held up the bottle they had in their hand, rubbed their eyes, stared at the bottle, shook their head, and put it back down again And then debated whether it can be deep-fried and whether it'd taste good with Irn-Bru. The reason I said sort of earlier on, as it may appear in other forms because it's a shape-shifting entity "It's just a thing!" Bullsh*t! Ah, water -- have a point, water-bull! [ding] -- What?! -- Water bull. A water bull, what's a water bull? It's another mythological Scottish creature Shape-shifts! So it shape-shifts into another made-up thing? Yeah, yeah Couldn't it be more inventive and shape-shift into something that isn't a shape-shifter? The water bull is said to reproduce with standard cattle, how can you tell what's happened? Is there a puddle of water underneath? Size of their ears. Of course there is, naturally it's the ears. Yes, the water bull has big ears, not flippers, not a fin, not anything like that -- It's not that someone got a cow and- -- Smaller ears. threw it off a dock, into the... a harbour. -- Can I ask a question? -- Yes. Are there "major issues" with this article? No, none at all! -- Are there any references? -- Perfectly cited! Well it's obviously true then(!) We've got a lot of good references here. A lot of mythological tales, particularly Gaelic ones have been very, very well studied So you have a trail of bollocks! Yes! Yes I do. Does anyone want to come up with an explanation of what it might be? It's fairly early on, here. You have a big bird that makes a bellowing sound that sounds like a bull. Is it a bittern? Not quite, it's extinct now, this goes back into mythological times. Dodo! Uh, no. Great bustard. You're in the right area, it's great something. That's what they went to school for, isn't it? Well I thought, boobrie, great bustard... Great auk. I was gonna say! F***'s sake! I had awk in my head! Why didn't you say it?! Because I thought it was like, Australian or something like that Nah, I just thought it wasn't a British bird basically, the awk. I didn't think it was... It isn't anymore because it went extinct halfway through the 19th century -- Was it shot a lot then? -- Erm, the auk... It was probably delicious! That's why most things are extinct! "Aah, you should've seen this thing!" An easy shot! The bird's down was in high demand in Europe, which largely eliminated the European populations by the mid-16th century It was a beneficiary of many early environmental laws... Yeah, but not enough, though, 'cos they killed them all! The 3rd of July, 1844, the last two confirmed specimens, off the coast of Iceland, what happened to them? -- Died. -- Yeah. [ding] In a freak parachuting attempt. Yeah. It does say 'were killed' so basically some... "That's the last two there, I'm gonna have that." "They're mine." "My name's in books now!" That sounds like a case for Detective Inspector Bird! Cue title sequence. Bird in a little detective's hat... in the rain I just thought it would be that same Land Rover going down a dirt track that they've all got. I've just looked down this, on the Great Auk The last pair, found incubating an egg, were killed on 3rd of January, 1844 on request from a merchant, and the people who killed them are named. Jón Brandsson, Sigurður Ísleifsson, I'm probably mispronouncing the surname there, -- strangling the adults. -- Woah! That's cold. Woah. If you're gonna kill the last two of a species do it with your bare hands! It gets colder, it gets colder. And Ketill Ketilsson... -- Did he kettle them? --- So Ketill, son of Ketill? Yup, Ketill, son of Ketill Are we sure this was a man and not an implement? Don't forget, they're incubating an egg, what did he do? Boiled it and ate it. Smashed it. Just smashed it. Oh, what a cock! He didn't even get a delicious meal out of it. Um, we- Because they came alone with no "soldiers". Literally it was as cold as that. They got interviewed later and just said: "I took him by the neck. He flapped his wings. He made no cry and I strangled him." As you looked into that bird's cold eyes, and just went: "shhh." "This is the last member of this species!" You do wonder with it being a merchant, it's like: "I want the last immaculate skin", which is why they didn't shoot it or something Yes, that's why they weren't shooting it. They wanted the skins. But that was the bird that they thought might be causing the sightings of the boobrie What does it normally prey on? Small, little cushions. Small, little cushions? Pray! Ohh... Oh wow, that's... No! Fear! Preys on fear? Ah, animals on ships. Entire boats, this thing eats? No, it just sneaks along when you've got a boat that's transporting a lot of animals Takes one. The whole boat? No, the whole animal though. The whole animal How big is this thing? The great auk's about that big! Mythological creatures, weird sightings, you know, you'll get all sorts of... -- And in the days before glasses... -- Yes. Then it was blurry and that big! Can we rule out it wasn't one of these things that sank the Titanic? Yeah, I think we can rule-- it didn't shape shift into an iceberg. That's not listed anywhere in here. No great auk's ever been found with red paint smeared ominously on it. I wish-- what we need's a crash zoom into an auk, just... with the big red line down it's side! While it blinks once and smiles. They will also shelter on land in overgrown heather -- Who's she? -- There we go. Thank you! I set it up... The boobrie can also manifest itself into another form. A very creepy form. Paul Daniels. Lizard. Airships. They're not creepy! They are at night. That's true. That's true. Airships sneaking up on you in the middle of the night. When you're walking along. You just wake up and there's one in your face. You're telling me you wouldn't go... -- when you saw that? -- That's fair, that's fair Has it got a little face painted on the front of the airship? Yeah, 'course it has Just smiling unnervingly. Well it's smiling unnervingly, you look away, you turn back, it's frowning. You've written a Doctor Who plot there about airships. Moffat, it's yours. I mean, what, this is a litany of other things it could be. Well, no, different kingdom here. So not animalia. A rock! Is it a plant? I was going to say, is it a rock? An insect. Oh, piss off! A large insect that sucks the blood of horses, with tentacles and feelers. But only horses. Do insects have tentacles? No. Well, it's not even consistent, that's my bother with this. Most mythology isn't all that consistent, to be fair. Well, if you're gonna make something up, at least you make it up consistently At least my airship one was, you know, consistent with the flying, inanimate objects It's partially an insect, partially Saturn(!) And partially swamp gas. Of course it is. This is someone excusing their massive fart, isn't it? You are not getting away with calling what you did earlier "swamp gas", Gary. No. Oh, it was the boobrie everyone, that's what did it(!) There is an entire category here on Scottish legendary creatures. Right. For a political joke: the Conservative Party. There we go. What is it? More pandas in Edinburgh Zoo than there are Scottish Conservative MPs. Yeah, and they're both Tories! What? The pandas? Yeah! Viciously! "We've got a habitat. I don't see why any of those other pandas should." "We could let them in, but why should we?" Gets out the Telegraph and just goes... Pandas can be like embittered, late-40s Tories! They live together, they don't have sex, they don't fraternise with other kinds, they've got a very restrictive diet UK Independence Pandas. Someone I know has a big thing against pandas, right. And they have a very long list "F****ng kill 'em!" Yeah, basically, they don't need to survive anymore, they've bred themselves out of existence, so why are we bothering? Not actually a bad argument that one. Pandas are basically an evolutionary dead end at this point They failed Darwin's test But they weren't, and like a lot of species we came along and messed things up for them but, at this point... And they vote Tory(!) Yes. Fact. Fact. We've established this, that pandas are Conservatives. I'll tell you what, the best way to get a candidate to read your thoughts -- I can say this 'cause it will be after the election when this goes out If you spoil your ballot, if you put more than one cross in a box, every candidate has to stand around and look at that to agree that more than one cross is on that bit of paper I have literally been in that meeting. You have been there. If you put two crosses and write "you're all dicks" they all have to read that to make sure that you didn't put one preference more than the other and that is a genuinely spoilt ballot. So there you go, if you're gonna make a protest, call them all ****s and put two crosses in there's nothing better than seeing a row of electral candidates reading what people think about them as they all go "yes, yes, uh, and too, and my mum!" On that note, on that note. Congratulations Gary, you win this week's show The camera can't see you, you're in the darkness You're in the dark! Congratulations, you win leafy green vegetables from one of the fathers of computing Babbage's Cabbages. -- Thank you very much to Chris Joel -- Bye! Matt Gray! Gary Brannan! I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time! Subtitles by - Katy M [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
It is very early in the morning and the air is very cold here at Kerosene Creek, a natural hot spring near Rotorua on the North Island of New Zealand. It's a natural swimming pool and waterfall at a warm and comfortable bathing temperature year-round because of the geothermal activity that's around here. There is also a questionable smell in the air, but fortunately that doesn't really come across on camera. This place is not the local secret that it used to be. Tourists flock here now, which is why I'm filming here so early. I didn't really want to turn up to a swimming pool full of people and awkwardly point a camera at them. But there's one view that I can show you that the tourists won't get to see because there's a rule here that the government warnings are very clear about: keep your head above water. - The brain-eating amoeba can be found in hot pools and things like that. So these organisms enter the nose if you put your head under or you snort the water in. They can then go from the nose through the olfactory nerves to the brain. And then once in the brain they start to eat the neurons and astrocytes. And they cause massive inflammation. And then you get this horrible amoeboid disease. It starts sometimes with a change in your sense of smell, sense of taste. And then that can progress to headaches, vomiting, fever, and then ultimately to seizures and death. There are potentially a couple of drugs that are used, one of which is not licenced for use, and is actually very difficult to get hold of. So in general there is no treatment, and 97% of people die. - Brain-eating amoeba aren't unique to here or even to New Zealand. They're common anywhere that there's warm, untreated water. There was even a fatal case at Disney World in Florida in 1980, back when they had a water park built into a lake. And there are more odd cases too. - When you've got a cold and you're really bunged up in your sinuses, you can flush them out. It's really important, if you're going to shove water up your nose, because of the fact that there is this amazing-- these many nerves connecting your nose to your brain, that you use only boiled water. And so there have been cases of people who've used neti pots just taking tap water. And, ugh! They... Brain-eating amoeba is not the only infection people have had. There are other things, but that is one potential thing people can get. - But despite the terrifying name, the grisly stories, and the 90-something percent chance of death if you're infected, infection is really rare. How much of that is down to the government warnings though? Well, probably best not to have a control group for that experiment. Although, that said, the warning signs that were once here aren't here any more. - So what are the odds of it happening? They're very, very, very rare. The last case we had in New Zealand was, I think, in 2000. But I guess the point is when it does happen, it's pretty catastrophic. There will be things that we're doing in our daily lives that are way more dangerous than this, even from a microbial point of view. We are covered in microbes, we have really nasty microbes living in us and on us on a daily basis, and most of the time it's okay. Maybe one in three, one in four people will have staph aureus living up their nose. Pretty fine up there, but if you get that in your bloodstream you can end up with horrible infection. You're more at risk, frankly, from shoving your finger up your nose and then touching a cut accidentally than you are from having your brain eaten by amoeba. - Thanks to Dr. Wiles at the University of Auckland for all her expertise. Pull down the description for the references she used in her research.
This is St Peter's Seminary, about an hour west of Glasgow in Scotland. Or rather, it was. It was built in the 1960s to be a training school for priests, and I think it's a beautiful ruin of a building. But then, I like Modernist architecture like this. In 1992, this was put on the list of historic Scottish buildings in category A, which means that it's of national or international importance. And architecturally, it is one of the most important modern buildings in Scotland. But, by the time it was listed, it had already been closed for years. The Catholic church had decided that priests should train in towns and cities, not in remote places like this. And besides, times were changing. There weren't as many people who wanted to be priests. No one was interested in buying the place, and the church couldn't afford to keep an empty and extremely high-maintenance building running for no purpose. One of the troubles with a unique structure like this is that it's expensive and difficult to keep repaired. So, a quarter of a century later, what's left looks... rough. - The Archdiocese of Glasgow has been responsible for it since the moment it opened. It was building which was very difficult to reuse, because it had been custom built. No developer wanted a building that had a huge, concrete chapel in it. We have a responsibility to try and preserve the ruin, as best we can. It is now a ruin. It's covered in graffiti, it's inaccessible, it's dangerous. We have, by statute, to try and maintain some kind of security in that area, to insure it and so on. But after 40 years, we are at our wits' end. In 40 years we have worked with every imaginable idea. Developers have thought of turning it into a community centre, or a hotel complex, and everything in between. There were inherent weaknesses in the building. Those who lived there have nightmarish stories of water ingress, for example, of the fact that the wind would blow so strongly through the windows, that curtains would be lifted to be almost horizontal. So the building itself was not an easy building to live in or work in, which made it even more difficult to find an alternative use for it. - One arts organisation spent millions on making it safer, removing asbestos and old fittings, using it as a stage for light shows, hoping to turn it into an arts venue. But then they ran out of money. And besides, by design, this building's in the middle of nowhere. There's a village a mile down the road, but that's it. There are better places for arts venues. And there's no way in law to just abandon a building like this. You can 'tjust decide that it doesn't spark joy anymore and donate it to a charity shop. And if definitely can't be knocked down, because it's a really significant, listed building. - So it's not just a listed building, it's a grade A listed building. It's the highest form of listing possible, and we are required to stick to all sorts of rules about not using it for any alternative purpose, not amending it, trying to keep the area around safe. Legally, we would give that building away, with the estate, but whoever takes it on takes on responsibility for insurance, for security, for upkeep and so on. So it's not so easy. You literally can't give it away. There have been expressions of interest, but when it comes down to it, it's a question of money, of finance. Because the building itself swallows vast amounts of money, and even to maintain it in its current ruined state, costs the Archdiocese something like £60,000 a year. People have looked at the area around, because it's on a beautiful estate. They have looked at perhaps building houses there and using the profit from that. But that has been denied because there are greenbelt issues which prevent that, too. And so there's something tragic about it, there's something haunting about it. It's unrealistic to expect some sort of deus ex machina. We remain open to working with anyone who wants to come forward with plans, with ideas, but at the same time, realistically, this is bigger than us. This is something for the state, something for the nation. And most people would probably say, "what a mess". Those that understand buildings, and that have an understanding of brutalist architecture, would see it as an extraordinary treasure. That's the reality. It is both. - If this was centuries old, rather than decades, it'd be a national treasure. The Scottish government would probably pay to restore it. You could charge an admission fee. Parents would bring their kids to picnic in the grounds. And the idea of spraying graffiti on it would be abhorrent. But, apparently, it isn't. Despite the fact that this is a one-of-a-kind historic religious building. This place has enormous historical and cultural value but a negative financial value. And that, it turns out, is a very difficult place to be in.
In Britain, the words "rail replacement bus" are not good words to hear. It means the train you wanted to take isn't going anywhere, and instead everyone is going to have to get on a slow and lumbering bus that will take at least twice as long and be so much less comfortable. If you've already left the first station, then the rail company is required to get you to your destination... but there's no rule to say how fast. Rail replacement buses are the train traveller's nightmare. Which is why I was surprised to learn that, for just a few days, things were happening the opposite way around: here, between two remote villages in the lowlands of Scotland, there is a very rare sight: the bus replacement train. The normal schedule here is to run every weekend, usually from Easter to the end of September. The bus replacement service was an idea that was born out of some discussions between some villagers and the volunteers on the railway, and then once we realised there would be enough volunteers to run this week, we devised a timetable, and we've now got a daily service for this week. The B797, the tiny road between Leadhills in South Lanarkshire and Wanlockhead in Dumfries and Galloway, is shut for resurfacing. The diversion takes about 45 minutes by road... but by luck, there happens to be a volunteer-run, narrow-gauge railway between the two. There's all volunteers, there are no paid employees at Leadhills at all. We all just give up our time for free. Tomorrow, I'll be the guard, but today, I'm the driver. And we cover all of the different roles. It's being used by people going to the doctor's surgery, for people commuting to work at the Museum of Lead Mining. And a few other places besides. And yes, it looks a little bit ridiculous. But you know what? It works. And it's not often you'll find that a disruption to your journey can actually make your day better. The response has been great so far this week. The villagers are enjoying it, and we've also had a few extra tourists that we wouldn't normally get on a weekday coming to see us. So it's good publicity for the line, and it helps the villagers! Thank you to everyone at the Leadhills and Wanlockhead railway! If you're watching this video on the day or so after it goes up, there may still be time to travel on this service! Details and a link are in the description, along with the dates when they're running steam trains on the track this summer. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Providence Canyon, a couple of hours' drive from Atlanta, is known as Georgia's Little Grand Canyon. This network of gorges and gullies reaches over 40 metres deep, and it's beautiful. Even without the artificial saturation boost that a lot of photographers give it. This is known as one of the Seven Natural Wonders of Georgia. There is just one problem with that description, though: this is man-made, by accident. This is a scar in the Earth, and it's a scar that'll take a very long time to heal. The ground here is made of unconsolidated sediment. That means I'm standing on loose sand and clay that was deposited tens of millions of years ago on what was then the sea floor. It's stable, of course, but it's never been compacted into solid rock or cemented together by geology and time. It's not going to collapse, but if you draw a line from, say, desert sand, where nothing sticks together, to solid rock, the sort of thing that miners have to blast with dynamite... the ground here is definitely on this end of the scale, for a long way down. Tree root systems, grass, and other plants all help to stabilise it. And that was fine for millions of years, and through most of human history, until settlers manifested their destiny all over this continent. At the start of the 19th century, this whole area was flat forest, none of these canyons were here. Settlers cleared the area of all its trees and ploughed the soil for agriculture. Either they didn't know about crop rotation and soil management or perhaps they didn't care, seeing a whole continent laid out before them. Soon, the little drainage paths that rainwater took after storms started to erode and become bigger, and bigger, and... bigger. With soil like this, it only took a few decades before this landscape formed. A century and a half later, new trees are starting to stabilise some of it, but it's still changing and eroding. The park management has to move these fences occasionally; sometimes they'll find that one of the spires out there has just fallen after heavy rain. There are strict no-climbing warnings here, because, well, the rock you're holding onto could just fall away and dissolve in your hand. So my question is: should this count as a natural wonder? It is part of nature. People do come to wonder at it. All those colors are from the different minerals that are in the soil: so this is a look back through those millions of years of geological history, and those millions of years are unquestionably natural. But exposing them: that was very much human. [rumbling noise] So I'm hoping the microphone picked up that noise. Er, because as soon as I turned my camera off, there was a massive noise, and I'm fairly sure that was a rockfall. From this cliff. Which is worrying. It's probably fine. It's probably fine.
This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. Joining me in the studio today: He reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! Did I win one? TOM: Yes! CHRIS: Good, carry on then. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan — Gary Brannan! Indebted to *you*, good sir. And the bounciest man on the internet — Matt Gray! Good morrow, YouTube. In front of me, I have a Wikipedia article and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and the special prize for particularly good answers, which is: Today we are talking about the Centennial Light. Oooo, that sounds highbrow and commemorative. As opposed to lowbrow and commemorative. Lowbrow commemoration! 'Dave's dead.' [Laughter] 'Back down t' pit!' 'We're commemoratin' this with a giant brass arse.' Thing is, it is neither highbrow nor commemorative, but... Oh, f***. Is it in Britain? Er, no. We're over in the US here. Uh-oh. Livermore, California. I know what it is! It's the really really old light bulb. TOM: Point! [DING] In fact... GARY: Balls! GARY: Hang on a minute! CHRIS: Oh, right... So how old's this light bulb? Have a guess. From the name. Oh, okay. Fair enough, yeah. No, fair point, actually, because it's obviously more than a hundred, isn't it, now? Is it Edison's? No, it's a sixty-watt, mass-produced light bulb from the late 1890s. MATT: Oh, it's just a bulb... TOM: Still shining. Is it on all the time, or occasionally? All the time. It's had a couple of dropouts, when there's been power cuts and they had to... CHRIS: But the bulb has remained...? TOM: Yeah. Right! Well, I find this really interesting, because I read a Thomas Pynchon novel wherein one of the characters is an immortal light bulb. Gravity's Rainbow. Yeah. Which is weird because at the time... it goes into this whole thing. And it turns out there is a conspiracy amongst the major light bulb manufacturers to not produce anything that burns too much over a thousand hours, so that they can keep producing light bulbs. Er, yeah! That is actually referenced in the article: It is 'cited as evidence for planned obsolesence'... point. [DING] Wahey! Ahh. So it's a light bulb that's never bust. Yep. But if you leave it on forever... it's the turning on and off of things that blows them. That's what does it, innit? Yeah. Yeah. And if it's on forever then it hasn't had the stress. I'm trying to think now if I've ever had a light bulb that's gone out while it's been on... It's always when you turn it on, isn't it. GARY: Yeah. It is, yeah. On — plink! Yeah. I don't think I've ever had a — Can you imagine after a power cut, turning that bastard back on? Ah! Right. Yes. Can you say roughly what the procedures were when they had to move it? Clench. [Laughter] Yeah. Walk like you are about to follow through. Or you might put it on a trolley, actually, the more I think about it. Ring the insurance company. Ring the insurance company, certainly... It's hung up in a fire department. Does that give you an idea of how they may have moved it? On a fire engine! On a Dalmatian! With a full fire truck escort, yes. Have a point. [DING] A fire truck actually would make more sense. You've still got your 'blues and twos' to clear... or reds and whatever noise an American fire truck... TOM: 'Reds and woos'. Reds and...! 'Woo-woo!' Have a point! But you've got all that mass... which is keeping the thing from bucking around as much. And if anyone hits it, it's not going to move anywhere. Yeah. Also, fire engine — electrical device — water. In a fire, someone's going to be — It's not going to be on. Yeah, it's not like the fire engine — No, I don't think it's on in the fire...! I mean when you've got it up in the fire station! There's going to be someone servicing an extinguisher at some point, and being like, 'Ooh s***!' Even if you've got it in a little box or something, which I assume you must do. It was transferred in a box. Well, naturally! It's not going to be in someone's helmet, is it? Was it the original box? TOM: I don't believe so, no. Is this thing still pristine, 'new in box' when it goes on eBay? Wrapped in cellophane ready for eBay, yeah. [Laughter] 'Light Bulb — Condition...' 'Near mint.' [Laughter] 'As new. Only 100 years use.' It's just sat next to a Polo. 'Near mint.' [Groans] What colour is it? CHRIS and MATT: See-through! It's a light bulb. That's not a stupid question. It's a fire station. It might be red. Okay, yes... No... fire station, not brothel. Yeah. Although... you know. MATT: What?! TOM: You get the two confused sometimes. Roxanne got a new job anyway. She does have to put on the red light now. But only when going to and from a job. Tesla won't have liked it, will he? Tesla probably *would* have liked it. Edison wouldn't have admitted that Tesla liked it. Yes, that's true. Edison would have tried to make money from it, you're absolutely right. There is a webcam dedicated to — F***'s sake. Have a photo! It's gonna be on until it goes off! Ah! What happened on the evening of May the 20th, 2013? Did it turn off? Yes it did. [DING] Did it bust, or did it...? And that was the question. Have a point. [DING] Because all they know is, the light has gone out. So they called — Could they not have just thumped the switch? GARY: Yeah. Well, no — it's connected to an uninterruptible power supply. This is a lot of f***ing effort for a light bulb. They put a UPS on the light bulb? They put a UPS on the light bulb. You know what happened to that UPS? MATT: It died. TOM: It was interrupted, yes. You know why it was interrupted? Because someone plugged a cord in the wrong socket. So they've got to very gently turn it back on again. Yes. Well, I don't think you can gently turn on a light bulb. I don't think that is a thing that's possible to do. I don't know. I'm not an expert... I'd say I defer to Matt, but... could you not just sort of have a dimmer switch dealie? I'm thinking dimmer switch. Just slowly build up the current — I mean, more subtly... probably use something that digitally manages the amount of current like an electric speed controller. Probably, but those kind of things induce a load of noise, so that probably wouldn't... Oh, right. What's the problem with it being noisy? You mean a different kind of noise, don't you. *Electrical* noise. Ah, scientists. CHRIS: You know, like prog rock. GARY: Yeah. So what's the second oldest light bulb, then? 'Cos me Nana's house did have one for a long time. CHRIS: Actually, our spare storeroom... GARY: Like it. Yep. We lost the light in the bathroom, so we've got to find something to just do tonight, can't go out... So we've got this little back storeroom... Right. Go in, pull it out: "Oh! Old 40-watt!" Not energy-saving or anything else... Well, they've been "illegal" for however long now... I was like, "Oh well, that's quite odd..." Woolworths branded. ALL: Ohhh... ...which tells its own story. So I think we're in with a shout for second place. That's the question now. Someone is out there that potentially has the second... Well, you've actually got a list here, and I'm not kidding... Oh, someone's made one... 'Longest-lasting light bulbs' is indeed a Wikipedia thing. Is there one in this country we can go visit? Er... no, the second place one, according to the Guinness Book of Records, is in Fort Worth, Texas, at the Byers Opera House, above the backstage door. Third one's in New York City, installed in 1912. What did the owner try and do to raise his profile? Of the light bulb... Gave it a Facebook profile. ...to get up the listings somewhat? Go around smashing second and first place. He's the one that plugged the cable in wrong for the Centennial Light. GARY: [Gasps] CHRIS: Dun dun dunnn! Scandal. That is such a thing, isn't it? That could happen. Did he edit Wikipedia? No, he just wrote to all the agencies saying that it was a fraud, because he was an electrical engineer and the socket wasn't old enough. Ohhh, smear campaign. It was essentially a smear campaign. Do you know what happened to this in the end? GARY: No one cared. MATT: No one gave a s***. No one knows. The store and the entire block on which it stood was torn down in 2003. Ah. That's unlikely to achieve a win now, isn't it? Did someone save the light bulb, though? Well, there's also the question of whether the light bulb needs to be turned on to count. Yes, of course it f***ing does! It's not a light bulb then, is it? Well, it is, as an object... Whoa! Oh, wow. There's a deep philosophical question in there. If a light bulb is off in a forest, is it still a light bulb? No, the prize has got to be oldest working light bulb or bust. Because there's tons of old light bulbs. Yeah, but 'oldest working' could have been brand new in box from a hundred years ago... Switch it on, it works: Oh, I've just instantly gone ahead. Rather than one that's been on-off-on-off... I just think... in fairness, the other one has been on. Yeah. But otherwise, you could just trump it with a light bulb you've had up your arse for a hundred years. I like how you said 'trumpet'. Brannan: official arbiter of the Light Bulb Wars. The fifth longest-lasting light bulb... Ipswitch. Aaah! Let's go! In England. The Martin &amp; Newby Electrical Shop. Dated from the 1930s... Burned out in January 2001. It's him! It's your man with the friggin' light bulbs is doing it! [Laughter] All these say, building gets torn down, other one burns out... He's going round one by one! This is drifting into Pynchon-novel territory again. GARY: Yeah! Now, you mentioned Edison... Oh. Yeh. GARY: Actually, I mentioned Edison. He designed a bulb that was supposed to last forever. What was it called? Dave. Everbulb. Osram. No, they're part of the conspiracy. The Magnificent Bulb of Eternity. I'll give you the point. Eternal Light. [DING] It's in the Memorial Tower at the Edison Memorial Museum. Has it broke? Er... it still kind of works, but there is a slight problem with it. Its filament's about that big across, and it needs 200,000 volts to get it to do anything. Nope, nope. Is it evil? [Laughter] TOM: Nope. Radiation. Ooh. No, no... Cancer. There's a slightly bigger problem with its claim to be the longest light bulb. Never been switched on ever. It just isn't. It just isn't. It's entirely fake. [DING] It's got a series of automobile headlights around the bottom that just make it look like it's turned on. GARY: Aaargh. As you said, Edison — bit of a cheat. Yeees. So that brings us to the end of the show... Congratulations, Gary! You win this time. CHRIS: Boo. You win this sandwich grill that emblazons collectible images of footballers into your bread. It's a Panini Sticker Press. Americans... I'm sorry. TOM: That has been Chris Joel... CHRIS: Goodbye. TOM: Gary Brannan. GARY: Good evening. TOM: Matt Gray... MATT: Bye! I've been Tom Scott. That's been the Technical Difficulties, and we'll see you next time. Mickey Johnson — Johnson Mickey. [Laughter] Dick Willie — Willie Dick. TOM: Will he? GARY: Dunno. No... he was killed by a stinger. This is a coffin ray, so it kills with...? Coffins! Just chucking boxes at folk. Shark... 'Come on! I'll 'ave yer!' ...the tune that Blur did that landed on Mars with Beagle 2. It didn't land — well, it did land! It landed! It landed at high velocity. Downwards. I know there's a thin line between 'landing' and 'impact'. I tell that to the wife all the time.
In 1648, the Water Board of Lekdijk Bovendams needed to repair these embankments to make sure that this bit of the Netherlands didn't flood. For that, they needed money, so they sold a bearer bond. Whoever owned that bond would get a little bit of money back from them every year. But, unlike modern bonds, they didn't set a time limit on that. Perpetual debt can be a thing in finance. It's kind of like selling stock in a company, but normally perpetual just means until the company fails. But, this company didn't fail. 3½ centuries later, that original bond ended up.... GPS: "Take exit 47." ...here, at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, USA, and it's still paying interest. Perpetual bonds date back to the Middle Ages. All bonds were perpetual bonds and the fact that bonds actually mature and pay back their principal is a financial innovation. The flood plains of rivers, they don't coincide with state boundaries or city boundaries, so they had separate governments that would oversee the levees. These organisations would have the power of taxation. Everybody who was protected by a levee would pay taxes to pay for their upkeep. And they would never go to war, so the combination of being able to tax people and not going to war, which usually bankrupts governments, makes that these bonds are still paying interest until today. Tax collections would have fell short of the budget they needed, so they issued this bond. The water board, which dates back to, I think, 1328 has been merged in larger and larger organisations. They have recombined these water boards and now it's called Stichtse Rijnlanden which pays the interest on the bond. These annotations here are the annual interest payments that have been taking place since 1648. As you go to the other side, you see that the whole other side is also full with little markings which are the interest payments that have taken back over the years. At some point, the bond was full. There was no more space, and they issued this piece of paper here which is a continued marking of the interest payments. When Yale bought the bond in 2003, and we collected our interest payment, you see that the last interest payment had been taken place in 1976. So, there was 27 years of back interest that was due. We left the bond here for 12 years, and then, in 2015, we collected '04, '05, '06, all the way down to 2015. Well, there was actually a picture somewhere of me in Holland where I hold the bond in one hand and I got interest payments for Yale with my other hand as the bearer of the bond. It's a little disappointing. The bond initially was for 1,000 carolus guilders. Carolus guilders became other guilders, I think. They became, now, Euros. At some point, they lowered the interest payments a bit. So, to make a long story short, every year, we get €11.35 interest payment on this bond. You know, the value of this bond, obviously, is in the fact that it's live. It's probably just as exciting for them as it is for us to be able to present the bond and have an opportunity to pay interest. Now, the Dutch water authority could probably default on the debt if they wanted to. It costs more than the bond is worth to fly someone over every couple of decades. And let's face it, Yale would be unlikely to launch an international lawsuit. But, for about one Euro a month, the Water Authority gets to be part of a weird bit of living financial history, and get a bit of good publicity out of it too. It might not be a subscription they'd take out deliberately, but apparently, for them, it's worth it. I think they have a pretty good track record. They sound like a triple-A organisation to me, and I think we're going to be good for a while.
I don't think there's a better example of how humanity changed the landscape of New Zealand than right here, at this dividing line between wild forest and managed farmland. It's a little bit difficult to see close up, though. For the best view, you need to go a few kilometres that way. In the centre of that circle is Mount Taranaki, a stratovolcano on the west coast of New Zealand's North Island. And from six kilometres up, the landscape looks bizarre: there are very few large-scale circular features like that in the world. Taranaki is also one of the most symmetrical volcanoes on the planet, which adds to the effect. This mountain is one of the natural features of New Zealand that's been granted the legal rights of a person, in sort of the same way that corporations are considered people in a lot of countries. Although the nuances of that, and the history of war and land confiscation that got us to this point, is something that this British tourist is not qualified to talk about. So I'll put some links at the end of the video and in the description. Before humans arrived in New Zealand, about 700 years ago, most of the country looked something like this: dense forest. Not that exact species of tree everywhere, but certainly that sort of haven for wildlife and birds. Māori settlers cleared some of it after they landed here, but the European settlers, a few centuries later, they cleared forest on an industrial scale. Trees that were valuable for construction were cut down, and anything else was burned, making way for this sort of pastureland. About half of New Zealand was eventually converted to grasslands for grazing for imported species of animals, on imported species of grass. The national government reserved an area around that peak, to help defend against flash floods and erosion. In 1900, that area became a National Park, defined as a circle six miles in radius from the summit of the mountain, plus a few other interesting parts on the edge. Farmers, of course, cleared everything up to that circle, as far as they could legally go, and the result was this mathematical line made real, this wonderful view out the window as you fly from Auckland to Wellington. Although at some point, that flight's going to become a bit more difficult. As is living around here. Because Taranaki is not an extinct volcano. Under that rock, there's still magma ready to go: Taranaki is active, just quiet right now, and it's overdue. On average, there's at least a minor eruption every 90 years. And it's been more than 150 since the last one. One study said there's an 80% chance of some sort of eruption in the next fifty years. There will be warning signs and plenty of time to evacuate folks, but if it's the big one, the government's civil defence evacuation plans describe the entire National Park as an area where people "are unlikely to survive". And it could shut down air traffic over most of the North Island: engine-shredding ash will probably blow east right into that flightpath. And the cone of the mountain could collapse entirely, as it's done several times in the eons when humans weren't around to see it. So if you are flying between Auckland and Wellington any time soon, and the skies are clear: do enjoy the view. Because at some point, it's going to change.
Some American cities have buses. Some use trams and trains. And there's one... that uses golf carts. - My name is Vanessa Fleisch and I am the mayor of Peachtree City, Georgia. It's a small city of about 35,000 people that is about 20 minutes south of Atlanta. It's asphalt paths, we have over 100 miles of them. They range from 8 feet to 10 feet wide in some places. They're used for golf carts mostly. We have over 11,000 registered golf carts in the city. Obviously, pedestrians, bicyclists, all kinds of traffic is on these paths. Morning! - You do have to register them? - Yes, you do. The people in the city do register them. - There's someone else approaching us now. I assume it's like regular roads. You pass on the right and... - Correct. - Yeah? - Yeah. - It's a parallel road network, basically. - The majority of the city is accessible by carts and that's a huge attraction because parents can pick up their kids at school if they want to. - And some of the kids can drive themselves? - Yes, the younger kids or the sophomores at the local high schools are allowed with their learner's permit to drive their carts to school. - Wow. - It's a bit of freedom that they enjoy. - And I guess if it's limited to 20 miles an hour, there's less of a chance of a bad bump. So, this is the high school. - This is. There's parking at the high school for 615 carts. - That is a lot of golf carts. Do all the students leave at once here? Is it just a traffic jam of golf carts? - It is a traffic jam of golf carts and it's not always pretty. - Some of them have a limiter? - They do, but sometimes they can be removed and they go faster than they should, which isn't good. - No, that's exactly what I'd have done at age 15 with my own golf cart. I would have removed the limiter on it. - Some of the carts have heaters inside them and radios. You can soup them up as much as you want really. After they saw the popularity in the '70s what they did was they required, whenever there was a new subdivision of houses built, that they connected the paths. For the most part, the cart paths are laid out at the same time they lay out the roads. - So, what are the road rules here? It's like you're in a regular vehicle, you've just got more paths that you can go on? - Yes, and if there is no path, you are allowed to be on the road, but that's why we've expanded the paths because we're trying to keep people off of them as much as possible. Sometimes people who have never been here have been caught on cart paths with their cars thinking that that's the right thing to do. - Wow! - I wanted to take you through a drive-thru. So up here is McDonald's. - I'm still getting over the fact that I'm in a drive-thru in a golf cart! - Thank you. - Should point out, not sponsored. This is not product placement. - The brakes on this are very good. I'm sorry, it's very abrupt on them. - Better than the alternative. Peachtree City was a planned community, right? - Correct. - How did it go from "we're gonna build some houses here" to we're gonna have something that that I don't think any other city in America has? - It got started originally as a lake retreat for Atlanta residents. And the people who were here, basically only on the weekends, they started taking their golf carts on the roads leaving from playing golf. This whole separate network came up as a result of that to get them off the roads on their way home. - So, this was founded in the 1950s. - 1959 by Joel Cowan. He was a college student when he designed and founded this city. - Wow. - It's very quiet... See what I mean? - Death wish, good grief! - Along here, this is Lake Peachtree-- - Sorry, I got distracted by ducks. - The Founder, Mr. Cowan and his cousin were the ones that put up the dam and spillway originally that made this lake. 100,000 gallons a second goes over this. People do pay taxes to pay towards these roads. It costs us $1.8 million a year to maintain what we have as well as the 29 bridges and 29 tunnels. - This is a pretty affluent city, which I guess is one of the reasons that the golf cart paths work, but there are a lot of cities like that in America and I'm trying to work out why it's worked here and it hasn't elsewhere. - Most mayors when they see or hear about us and they think "oh, we can do that", well, they've got older cities, so they really can't. - And I guess part of it is cost. Part of it is you need a huge amount of upkeep and tax and everything to make this work, but it's also because you need to set the whole thing up or it doesn't work. You can't have a quarter of a cart network because no one will buy a cart and no one will use it. You need to connect everything or it's not worth it. - Right. - Lovely! Thank you very much. - Thank you. - You can find out more about Peachtree City in the links in the description. I've just realised there's no seat belts on this. - No.
There aren't many graveyards in San Francisco. Two, actually: a small one at Mission Dolores Church, and a military one at the Presidio. San Francisco land is too expensive to be given to the dead, and it has been for a long time: in the first decades of the 20th century, all the 150,000 bodies buried in San Francisco were moved. To one town. Here. Welcome to Colma, just a few miles south of San Francisco: a town known as the City of Souls. Colma is only a small place, but about three-quarters of it is made up of cemeteries. About one and a half thousand people live here... along with about one and a half million who don't so much live here as just... rest. That means the dead outnumber the living by around a thousand to one. And many of those bodies were moved here from their first resting place, or their second, or their third. The trouble was that San Francisco ran out of room, and banned new burials. the dead don't pay rent, and their living relatives don't really want to either. With no new, er, customers arriving in San Francisco, the old graveyards there had no money for upkeep, and fell into ruin. There were reports of grave robbery, of valuables or -- occasionally -- of skeletons. So fourteen cemetery associations founded this town as a place for the dead. Many of those moved here were placed in mass graves, their tombstones sold to be used for construction material or dumped in the Bay as breakwaters. With no-one to pay for new funeral plots and more than a hundred thousand bodies to move, the folks doing the job took shortcuts. Sometimes, modern construction work in San Francisco will exhume dozens of bodies that the movers missed. So why go to the trouble of moving them at all, then? Well, it was either move the bodies immediately, or deal with them while you're digging foundations for new buildings anyway. What else were they going to do? Almost everyone has a fear and disgust response to death, for good reasons: and religion and tradition in America, then, dictated that the dead must be buried. The Catholic Church wouldn't allow cremation until decades later, and, well, there wasn't another option. And sure, the comments on this video will make all sorts of horror movie or zombie apocalypse jokes -- and if you've already done that, congratulations, you're not original -- but here's a different question: most people figure that cemetery plots are forever. If you choose to be buried, the spot where you're laid to rest is permanently yours, at least in some sense of yours. That's not true: already, some areas of Europe are re-using graves, and eventually every headstone's going to be weathered away. So here's my question: when does moving a body stop being disrespect for the dead and start being archaeology?
This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. Joining me in the studio today: He reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! I can see that I'm destined to be permanently surprised by us starting over and over again today. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan — Gary Brannan! And the bounciest man on the internet — Matt Gray! Hello YouTube. In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right gets a point and a ding [DING], and the special prize for particularly good answers, which is... [Sings] Hitting the taaable! [Laughter] Oh no! Forgot my buzzer. Completely forgot to bring my buzzer. Today's article is... The coffin ray. [Coughing] 'I'm a fish and I killed Steve Irwin.' GARY and TOM: Ohhh. GARY: So R-A-Y. Yes, R-A-Y. MATT: ...Charles? First of all, you're getting a point for 'fish'. [DING] Heyyy! But it's not the one that killed Steve Irwin. No, that one's already been sent to the electric chair. That was also a sting ray, which... ["Stingray" riff] Da da laa dup daaa dup! ["Stingray" bassline] Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom! [Steve Irwin voice] 'Crikey! I've got hold of it!' 'But anything could happen in the next half hour!' No... he was killed by a stinger. This is a coffin ray, so it kills with...? Coffins! Just chucking boxes at folk. Shark... 'Come on! I'll 'ave yer!' Yaaagh! Scuba diver... Boom! What you don't realize is, he's actually a skilled carpenter as well. Is it some new version of like, Donkey Kong? GARY: Yeah! Totally! You know, for the Wii, now you've got 3-D graphics, and... Monkey and barrels, done to death. Right... boom! Lob a coffin... The thing is: beautiful brass handles, all done out inside... Bonus points if you can get the door to open, and close on what you're throwing it at... and then it lands in the hole. Let's face it: that's the undertaker's dream, isn't it. It's got the diver going, 'Dat da da da...' 'What the... ooof!' Boom! Doors closing — sea bed. I like Gary's idea. You've got some sort of Rube Goldberg machine... So on the one hand, you've got your stiff laid out here, your coffin here, And just differently weighted catapults: Badoong... Whoosh — boomf! [Laughter] The coffin ray kills with something that isn't a stinger. Kindness. Withering put-downs. 'I've seen better.' Actually, he's got his tail, that's in the shape of a pipe there. Yeah, just swept round. Well, if it's not a stinger...! Is it electrocution? TOM: Yes it is. Have a point. [DING] CHRIS: Heyyy! Why the coffin ray, then? I have never seen an electric coffin. Though I do want neon round mine, I've said that. [Laughter] Yeah. Yeah. CHRIS: That'd be cool. GARY: That's just a car battery you'd need in there, isn't it? Bzzt... bzzt. 'Occupied'. 'No Rooms'. That is a good question, actually: Why would it be called the coffin ray? Given in mind it's a ray, so it's a flat fish. Does it kill you? Probably because it's got that distinctive shape. That's a coffin shape. A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt get a point... [DING] How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt wrong — it doesn't. Normally it gives you a nasty shock, but it doesn't generally kill people. But you're right, it gets bloated after... Yeah. It's in your wardrobe at night when you get home... GARY: Boo! CHRIS: Aagh! Wouldn't be so bad, but it's filled the damn thing with water to survive! TOM: Bloosh! GARY: Actually no, it's... It's in your bog system, isn't it? [Laughter] Bzzt! Bzzt! 'Occupied'. It's also called the crampfish. GARY: The crampfish? TOM: Crampfish. Is it because the electric shock merely inspires cramp? No, it's because whoever it's with is made to look s***. [Laughter] Cramps your style, man. Yes. The electric ray kills you with an electric shock, or attempts to kill you with an electric shock. How does it generate that? Friction! It's got a piece of carpet on the bottom of the river... [Laughter] Goes back and forth and then sits there, going, 'F***ing Steve Irwin!' I was going to say, pedal-powered dynamo behind it. [Laughter] Ah, that's brilliant! What does it pedal with? It's got no feet. Little wings, it's got. No, it's peddling things. It's selling them. Yeah! Ahh! Just buys batteries. TOM: Ah. Ah. CHRIS: Oh. Ah. GARY: He's got a battery? Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off. Er, point! [DING] CHRIS: Duracell! What, double A? What? Surely it's a capacitor. It was essentially one of the inspirations for batteries, when Alessandro Volta and Galvani... ...stuck one in the back of his radio and noticed it worked briefly. MATT: It's got a lead-acid gland. TOM: They were using it as... Replace the steam engine with a fish! 'A bank of a thousand of these could light an entire factory, Ichabod!' 'We've thrown one in the boiler. It's water...' 'Maybe we could *extract* the electricity.' 'And store it in a jar, or jug, or other piece.' ...a jug of electricity! 'Oh no, iPod's gone flat.' Bloop-bloop-bloop! 'Crackin'!' 'Get the ray out...' It is essentially what's called a voltaic pile. I've had them. I've got an ointment. [Laughter] Yeah. Okay. I realized the moment that came out of my mouth... Surely just something that's not properly earthed, so you can just discharge them. 'Get that copper pipe away or it'll arc.' Ba-boom! Shortest route to ground! Where do we find it? If you want to go and find a... Water! TOM: Okay. Yes. Not giving you a point for that. GARY: The seas. CHRIS: Not the seas. Rivers. MATT: Hot seas. CHRIS: Big rivers. Er... you're closer. It's essentially... The Deep Hole. Hull? It's an ugly-looking fish that wants to kill you. Where's it going to live? — Australia. — Point. [DING] It's one of the few things that isn't poisonous. It can actually generate up to about two hundred volts. At what current? Yes, I was going to say, 'It's the volts that jolts; it's the mills that kills.' TOM: It doesn't actually say that but, er... Ooo... It also spends most of the day buried in sediment, with only a little... Building up friction. GARY: Yep. 'Don't you come near me, or so help you, I'll stick you to the wall!' But that is a... It conceals itself on the sea floor, which is a problem because...? You stand on it. Point. [DING] It turns out that if you just have the ray sitting there in sand, and you just pour some seawater on it, what happens? It goes 'pfffftttt!' and arcs. CHRIS: Wow! I thought that was the arcing, but no! First, that's... No, that was the flapping of the fish going 'Water!' Building up the charge. I'm with you, yes. You get a shock up it. Yeah, you do. [DING] It's still strong enough that you can get enough of a shock all the way up the seawater you're pouring on it. Don't piss on it. Don't piss on the electric ray! I am... I have to look up and see if that advice... I think you just don't piss on anyone called Ray. That's true. Men called Raymond have been campaigning for that for years. 'Stop pissing on me!' I can tell you that, having searched for that... There's a lot of talk about urinating on an electric fence, and standing on a ray... But as far as I can tell... GARY: No one's done the two at the same time. No one has ever researched peeing on an electric ray. Nobody's stood on a fence and pissed on a fish. Australia, it's on you. [Laughter] If any of you have weed on an electric ray and lived... Well, you will have lived to tell the tale, but... TOM: Yeah, do tell us in the comments. GARY: What's it like? TOM: Yeah. MATT: Or a video response. GARY: Oh yeah, film it. Oh. Don't...! Do film it... just from a very careful angle. What does the coffin ray feed on? Normally. I mean, obviously it shocks... Coffins! Plankton. Er, no... bigger things than that. Big plankton. Close. No. Chips. TOM: Erm... MATT: Shrimp. TOM: Like... you're... I'm nowhere near! Stop trying to manufacture this as a clue. [Laughter] Well, it's something that goes with chips... Fish! There we go! [DING] 'Benthic bony fishes'. Excuse me? 'Benthic bony fishes'. MATT: Benthic? GARY: Is that a brand? No, it's a depth in the ocean. It's a subset of the sort of strata that exist in waters of the ocean. It is! Have a point. [DING] CHRIS: Heyyy! GARY: There you go. Well done. MATT: Benthic. CHRIS: Yeah, it's the benthic zone. I can't remember if it's the top or the middle or the bottom, but as you go down... So is that like in The Crystal Maze? You go through one, then you get to the Benthic zone... Yeah! If Richard O'Brien was in scuba gear. And can we just pause for a second for that image? ...and all enjoy that image. He would look like a pint of Guinness. It's a three-quarter one. They're cut off so you can see his bandy little legs... Little harmonica attached to it just here. CHRIS: Yeah. Yeah. GARY: You'd need a little... well, you'd need a belt. Instead of a knife in his boot: harmonica. Yeah. And actually the harmonica is specially adapted to work underwater. CHRIS: Yeah, absolutely. I was seeing a belt for weights, because he's quite a light fellow. Oh yeah, yeah. He's a spry lad. We're going to have to... But he could have a harmonica clip there... Yeah, and we're going deep, so you know he needs a lot of weight. GARY: Wait, what are we talking about? CHRIS: Going Deep, with Richard O'Brien. [Laughter] Good name. You would pass through — is the benthic zone at the top? TOM: It's the bottom. CHRIS: It's at the bottom? Oh, blimey. So you'd pass through the blah-blah-blah zone... GARY: Industrial, Aztec... CHRIS: And as the pressure increases, there are distinct changes in salinity, and what can exist there and so on. And apparently the benthic zone is at the bottom. Can we now make Richard O'Brien's Journey to the Bottom of the Sea? I've just got the thought of it, instead of being like your traditional underwater nature documentary, narrated, I actually want to see it presented by him doing pieces to camera from the bottom of the ocean... CHRIS: Yeah. But all you'd hear is the honking, wheezing... [Laughter] [Honking, wheezing and bubbling] When I signed the contract, I assumed a submarine or diving bell. [Laughter] Or bluescreen. You can't take a bluescreen underwater! Take a greenscreen down, and just 'Shop in a desert behind him. '...the hell?!' [Bubbling] So this is Richard O'Brien's Journey to the Sahara Under the Bottom of the Sea. Richard O'Brien Drowns in the Sahara, Under the Sea. Sorry, Richard. There are some very large creatures that have been found in the stomachs of these rays... Not just fishes. Any ideas what those might be? Sharks! Duncan Goodhews. CHRIS: Max Bygraves. [Laughter] Not quite that kind of size. A truck. The International Space Station. Brian Blessed's underwear drawer. Big underwear drawer. Salma Hayek. [Laughter] The Library of Alexandria. A Mark IV Cortina. [Laughter] They're normally things on land... A fridge! TOM: But they are... they are... Tigers! Not quite that big. Erm... Vladimir Putin. [Laughter] You said, 'big things that live on land'. We'll get there eventually. Rats and penguins. Awww. Penguins?! It's taken penguins. They've found... penguins in the stomachs of these rays. I'm sorry, but I do find the image of... a penguin poddling across the beach, and then suddenly going, BZZZZT! ...quite hilarious. MATT: Awww. Would all his feathers fly off, and just leave him kind of that pinky naked colour, but with smoke coming out of his bill? I met a penguin the other week. Was he in a shop? Did you ask him that question? 'What would happen if you were electrocuted? 'Would your feathers fly off and smoke come out of your bill?' It didn't feel feathery. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... 'feel'. Hang on. Rewind. How did you meet a penguin? Okay, later question: How do you *feel* a penguin? But first of all, how can you meet a penguin? Well, kind of like this sort of thing... [Laughter] 'Oh my...' So I was in the desert... ...of course. With Richard O'Brien. So you were actually under the sea, yeah? And in said desert, in Dubai... GARY: Oh, right... TOM: Dubai, okay. Where anything happens and usually does... Home of ridiculous buildings. Yes. There is a ski centre in Dubai. GARY: Naturellement. CHRIS: Because you can. Because if you've got the money to live in Dubai, you can't afford to fly to France and go on real snow. So outside, it's 45 degrees. Inside, it's minus 4. Was he greeting you as you entered? 'Wak.' They sort of wave as they run. 'Aaaa, it's Matt Gray! I seen you on the internet!' Were you supposed to be in the penguin enclosure? Yeah, they have sort of a penguin sanctuary kind of thing in this... TOM: For all those lost penguins in the desert. GARY: For those lost desert penguins, yeah. And yeah, they have a 'Meet the Penguins' experience. You all sit on the bench, the penguins run in... 'Waheyyy!' The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt getting GIFed. [Laughter] And then they're like, 'Do you want to touch it?' GARY: That's a seedy question to ask, isn't it? 'I'll touch a penguin.' And the penguin... they get the penguin to stand like that in front of you. And you can touch its back and it... it feels like a snake. ALL: Oooo. Sort of waxy, scaly, rather than feathers. Oh, it would be, wouldn't it? Because it's waterproofed. Yeah. It's got wax on it! [Spraying noises] 'You can touch this one. We've varnished it. You'll not do any damage.' I was thinking sort of... that kind of thing, but no. You'd just use a wax sprayer at the local car wash. Come on. We're in Dubai... are you going to think about that? TOM: Yeah. And then they said... 'Do you want to hug it?' Were the actual words 'Would you like to hug with penguin' used? Yeah! 'Do you want to hug the penguin?' GARY: Yeah. TOM: Yes. 'Yes. I would like to hug that penguin.' What do they smell like? Fishy. Yeah, I thought they would. Well, they're not going to put some cologne on the penguin... Honk honk honk! [Spritzing sounds] Ah, come on now. A cat doesn't smell of lamb, does it? It smells like a cat. So I don't know, why would they smell of fish because that's what they eat? Because they're a fish... ish thing. They're not a fish! Penguins aren't fish! ...am I wrong? They're birds. Exactly. Thank you. For a minute, you're starting to doubt your own facts there, you know what I mean? 'Penguins aren't... fish...?' To be fair, I did actually have Wikipedia up at that point just to check that a penguin was in fact a bird, and not some kind of fishy thing. All right. At the end of the show, congratulations Matt, you win! Yaaay! You win a replica of the singer of 'Livin' On A Prayer' made of small chocolate sweet candies. It's a Bonbon Jovi. TOM: Thank you very much to Chris Joel! CHRIS: Well, goodbye! TOM: To Gary Brannan! GARY: Salutem. TOM: To Matt Gray! MATT: Bye-bye. I've been Tom Scott. That's been the Technical Difficulties. We'll see you next time. Are we making a series of crematorium gags here? CHRIS: Yes. To be... GARY: 'To go where no man has been before!' Crematorium Thunderbirds jokes, let's be clear. GARY: Let's be fair! We're not completely stupid and irresponsible. TOM: ...So he dropped out at nine miles... GARY: Yeah. TOM: Rode the rest of the way, then the car broke down at mile 19... and he just started jogging again! ALL: Oooo. GARY: That sounds highbrow and commemorative. Oooh, it... As opposed to lowbrow and commemorative. Lowbrow commemoration! 'Dave's dead!' [Laughter] 'Back down t' pit!' 'We're commemorating this with a giant brass arse!'
This is the St Francis Dam, outside Los Angeles. Or rather, what's left of it. More than 50 metres high, holding back 100,000 tonnes of water. Until it collapsed catastrophically in 1928, twelve hours after its chief engineer had said that the cracks in it weren't anything to be worried about. The chief engineer in question was William Mulholland. He's one of the reasons that LA is the size and scale it is: Mulholland Drive, home of the stars, is named after him, and his career before the dam collapse was astonishing. He was in charge of projects that diverted a river, and caused what became known as the California Water Wars, as locals tried to dynamite and destroy the infrastructure that was pulling all the water away from their farms. At the opening ceremony of the Los Angeles Aqueduct, close to here, as water cascaded down towards the growing city, Mulholland declared to the mayor of Los Angeles: "there it is, take it". And they did. Remember, Los Angeles was just one small city among many in the valley at that point -- but its charter didn't allow it to provide surplus water to anyone else, so the only way for other cities nearby to get access to this was to give up their independence and become part of LA. And that might have continued, perhaps Burbank, Pasadena, Anaheim, other cities that have separate local government today might all be part of one enormous city... if it wasn't for the St Francis Dam. The leading theory for the collapse is that the foundations were unsound: on solid bedrock, the dam would have been perfectly safe -- but it was built on permeable ground, so the weight of water held behind the dam started to seep through and soften the ground under it. There had always been a couple of cracks in the dam; that was normal for the time, concrete can do that as it sets. But more had started to appear, leaks were starting to grow. Mulholland and his assistant inspected the dam, and decided that it needed maintenance, but the situation wasn't desperate. Well, maintenance couldn't have helped: the dam was twelve hours away from collapse. But evacuation of the areas below could have saved hundreds of lives. Just before midnight, it gave way catastrophically. And as the courts of inquiry delivered their verdicts, and as the last standing parts of the dam were demolished and cleared to stop sightseers and people taking grisly souvenirs, the cities that hadn't been eaten up by LA yet: Beverly Hills, Santa Monica, plenty of others -- decided that Los Angeles couldn't be trusted with its water projects. They all refused to join, and instead they formed what was called a "Water District" with LA -- they took joint control of any projects like that in future. The dam collapse didn't just end Mulholland's career: it ended the assimilation of other cities into LA. We might talk about the urban sprawl, everything in the valley, as being Los Angeles, but it's not: it's separate towns and separate goverements, and one of the reasons is this valley and the dam that isn't there any more. The incredible drone shots in this video came from these guys. Go check out their channels. This is Ed from Media Giraffes. You can see all the 4K footage from this shoot and a few others besides on his channel. And this is Alex from Drone Gear, if you want drone reviews and giveaways, go subscribe to his channel. And there's a subscribe button round here somewhere for mine as well, so... Thank you guys! That was amazing! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm on top of a hill, and like six thousand other hills and high places across the United Kingdom, this one has one of these on top of it. A short squat pillar, made of concrete, about three feet high. Now why would someone go to the trouble of building six thousand odd 'trig points' as they're known, trigonometric stations, on high points, because getting there is incredibly difficult, you have to lug tools, you have to lug the concrete, and you're building something, by the look of it, that's gonna last for centuries, why would you do that? Well the answer is mapping. In 1936, and continuing for a quarter of a century, Brigadier Martin Hotine, and thousands of people, who worked for the Ordnance Survey, built these pillars, in an attempt to retriangulate Great Britain, and produce the first truly accurate map of the country. See, distance is incredibly hard to measure but angles, angles, you can do precisely. On top of here, you've got some hooks, on which you can set down a 'theodolite', something to measure angles. And then, you build these on hills, so that no matter where you are, if you're at a trig point, you can see at least two other trig points. And if you can do that, and you know High School trigonometry, Then you can take one precise baseline measurement across a heath somewhere, the angles you've measured, and work out the distance across the entire United Kingdom. Nowadays, GPS has taken over of course, they're little more than a landmark for hill-walkers, but nevertheless, these trig points meant that we had a precise map of the United Kingdom, with nothing more than a lot of angles, and a lot of maths. [Translating these videos? Add your name here!]
Behind me is Lake Constance. It is a big lake, near the Alps, in the middle of Europe. This bit of me is in Germany, and this bit of me, on the other side of that sculpture, is in Switzerland. ...they took down the border fence and they replaced it with sculptures. A few miles away behind me, over that horizon, is Austria. And all three countries have a shoreline on Lake Constance. And if you look at a map, you will notice that something is missing: the lines that denote where the international borders, the lines that I'm standing on right now, stop at the lakeshore. Lake Constance is a condominium, which is a fancy way of saying that it belongs to more than one country. But no-one is entirely sure who. We are used to the idea that the Earth is divided up, and different countries own different bits of it. Which is kind of a strange idea when it's put like that, but since most of the world agrees on it, we stick with it. Laws, taxes, rights and responsibilities change at formal, defined lines. Okay, there are international waters, and Antarctica's a special case, and okay, there is that one bit of Africa where two countries both don't want to claim it, but generally: each bit of the world is owned by one particular nation. And sure, sometimes borders get complicated because of treaty glitches or land disputes, but this isn't one of those: it's just that no-one ever bothered to actually put down in an international treaty where the borders are. According to Austria, over there, Lake Constance is a true condominium, shared equally by all three countries all the way across. If you're on the lake, you are simultaneously in Germany, and Austria, and Switzerland. Switzerland is not happy with that: according to them, the border runs straight down the middle of the lake. And Germany is basically like, [shrug]. No-one really has a problem with this. If there are any legal issues, they're settled on a case-by-case basis. So if you're wondering what happens if someone gives birth in the middle of the lake, and what citizenship their kid would have, or what would happen under salvage laws if someone pulls up sunken treasure for the middle of the-- I mean, the answer is: [shrug]. We'll sort it out when we have to, and in the meantime no-one's really going to mind. The only people that this lack of defined border does affect are cartographers, map-makers: there is no option on most digital maps for [shrug]. Computers and people don't know where to draw the line.
Today's show is sponsored by Terry Wogan's "Bohemian Rhapsody". [Wogan voice] 'Open your eyes. Look up to the skies and see!' [Laughter] [Music] This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. In front of me I have an almost-randomly selected Wikipedia article from everybody's favourite reliable source of knowledge, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING] and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is: Good Lord. — Good grief! — [Grunts] So today we are talking about the Counts of Andechs. [Laughter] The what, sorry? The cow — — The Counts of Andechs. — The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt of Andechs. Oh, is that how they determine how many, er, sheets there are on a roll of bog roll? — Yes! — That's the Count of Andrex. Oh, okay. Of course, the Andrex Company was started by a Count Andrex of Bohemia. [Sesame Street 'Count' voice] 'Ha ha ha! One! Ha ha ha!' [Sesame Street 'Count' voice] 'One sheet not enough! Two, not enough!' 'Three, getting there. But we'll go for four! Just in case.' You have to check in with him before you enter the toilet and gamble on how much you're going to need. Yeah. He's stood outside, sliding them under the door, sheet by sheet. [Laughs] 'What is sheet five worth to you?' 'Ha, ha, ha, ha!' 'I have insatiable thirst for human blood!' [Laughter] It's the thought of the Count actually submitted to his baser, non-counting instincts one night... 'Ha ha! Try to find virgin on Sesame Street. Impossible!' [Laughter and groans] 'Bert and Ernie... no hope there!' [Laughter] 'I go to their house, thinking two-for-one deal...' 'No! Things I see cannot be unseen.' 'One night, three-for-one! Big Bird very small.' [Laughter] There was a lovely quote from the creators of Sesame Street when they were tired of commenting on the Bert and Ernie rumours, which was: 'They're puppets. They don't exist below the waist.' No, but they've got a man's fist up their arse, ain't they? [Laughter and groans] Somewhere back in that rant, you did mention Bohemia. Does anyone know what Bohemia actually was? — Er, Germany... — An area of Germany, yeah. — What is now Germany. — Or Austria, or... One of the many states that coalesced into Germany over the 19th century. It's modern day Czech Republic. All: Oh! There you go. Prisoner of Zenda inspiration basically, Bohemia, wasn't it? Prisoner of Zenda? Yes. Yes, the novel. Ruritanian, erm... I know the name but not much else, I'm afraid. Big castles and big pointy hats and large 'taches and big swords and all that. — Are there large castles? — Yup. 'I love a lady with a flying buttress!' [Laughter] 'Gentlemen, I am crenellated.' [Laughter] 'Good Lord!' 'Repel all boarders!' Sorry, I'm doing Terry Wogan's Castle Defence there. 'Repel all boarders...' Terry Wogan's castle defence of a *ship*, I think you'll find, was 'repel all boarders'. I think we've found the British version of Takeshi's Castle. Well! Actually, no offence to T-Wogs himself, but... he is too low a level. Takeshi Kitano, am I right? Beat Takeshi. Massive, huge movie star of Japan. If you were doing it, it'd be Connery's Castle. Ahh! That's the level — or Moore's Mansion or something like that, is what you would be looking at. Brosnan's Bungalow! Dalton's Dormer. Doesn't quite work. I've got Brosnan's Bungalow as just being an alternative Saturday morning kids' show. Dick and Dom! 'Now we're going to look at some silly things outside.' The thought of Roger Moore driving round in one of those little carts they have on Takeshi's Castle, spraying people with water while laughing, in a military uniform. That's what he does! Yeah, but he'd have a big cocktail in his left hand, wouldn't he? [Suave Roger Moore voice] 'Ah, ha ha ha ha!' That's the greatest impression of anybody I've ever seen! Roger Moore driving a car, shooting water while carrying... It was so good, I popped a button on me shirt, Gary. I was that stunned by it. I think the idea is not that you have to knock out the paper targets... By the way, if you haven't watched Takeshi's Castle, this whole section's lost on you. Open a tab, just give it five minutes, come back. It's not that you have shoot out the targets — it's that you have to knock his drink out of his hand, or dilute it sufficiently... No, surely it is you have to hit something very close to the cocktail, but if you hit the cocktail that's a death sentence. If you water it down, you get lightly maimed. Ah, but you just cheat by having a cocktail umbrella. So that's what they're for! The Counts of Andechs, then, if I can drag this back to where we were. Oh yeah, yeah. In northern Dalmatia. Was it a bit spotty? Now, I didn't know Dalmatia was actually a region. I've only just put two and two together. Yes! Same way that Alsace is a region. — Yeah, Alsace I knew... — Weimaraner — Weimar. — Really! — Yeah! — Yeah. — Ah! All these little places that came together to form Germany. Sausage dough... Well, Dalmatia... Sausage dough! [Laughs] Weirdly, it was a very short and fat region. Which is where the sausage dogs come from. I always said that fox-hunting... instead of trying to ban it, just make them — I think it was actually a Monster Raving Loony Party idea, but it works: make them replace beagles with sausage dogs. That'll even it out. Well, sausage dogs are hunting dogs, just for burrowing animals. Yeah, that's what I mean. A sausage dog chasing a fox... Also, what's the proper name for a sausage dog? Dachshund. Dachshund! Of course it is. That'll be from the Dach region... Yes! It means 'sausage dough'. Dalmatia's not actually in Germany, though. It's the right area of Europe. Does anyone want to take a guess where that is now? [Arnold Schwarzenegger voice] Austria. We're going a bit further east. We're also on the Adriatic Sea. Is it Hungary? Not on the Adriatic Sea, it's not. — We've had Croatia and it's not that. — Point! [DING] Oh really! Okay. We've had Czech Republic, not Croatia. Yeah. Absolutely right. So we are looking for some counts in northern Dalmatia. They actually went extinct shortly afterwards, so it was a complete — Extinct?! I'm sorry... Were they Neanderthals? They were shot and eaten for their meat by colonizers. Are we talking about dogs? No, we're talking about the counts. They went 'extinct in the direct male line in 1251'. Because they didn't have any girls, basically, and they all married off, right? Other way round, that they didn't have any sons. — And girls don't matter in the West. — Oh, right, that's what I meant, sorry. Yeah. We're in the 13th century. It's declining just on the male line. That's changed in the UK, in the last few years, just before the birth of Prince... — Prince George. — Thank you, I was about to call him Prince Wossname, — Nice. — Which is possibly treason. Prince George. Thing is, that is kings and queens of the country sorted until... After our lifetime. Yeah, the 22nd century. — Yes. — Wow. Sort that out. That's what you call longevity. That's what you call a permanent institution. We've got — I don't know if it will be Charles or not, I've heard different... And then you've got... obviously you've got William, and then you've got him. So it's all blokes for the rest of our life now. Yeah. Unless we get a gun and — no, sorry. [Laughter] That's actually... It's going to be a sausage-heavy monarchy, everybody. [Laughter] It has been, throughout history, a fairly... Yeah, default setting there. So I'm looking through, and there is just an enormous amount of genealogy, and names, and intrigue in the court here. Does anyone want to take a guess at some proper sort of Bavarian names that could be in this? Hans! No Hans, strangely enough. — That's weird. That's probably why they died out. — They were all maimed! Wahey! [Laughter] Does that mean they were Hans-free? [Groans] Yes! — Point! — Thank you, thank you... — No, no, I can't give you a point, it's not a fact. — Biscuits! I've just realized that whenever I hit that button, I do this kind of — thing with my lips, like... [Slaps button] I'm not sure why! Can we just get a freeze-frame of that now, of you going: Ludwig! Yeah, Ludwig's a good shout, actually. Nope. — Arnold. — John! Arnold is exactly right. Point! [DING] — Ah! — Arnold! The very first one: Arnold, Count of Dießen married to Gisela of Schweinfurt. Nice. Pigfurt? — Pretty much. — Yes. If anyone wants to take what the 'Furt' in that is... 'Schwein' is definitely 'swine'. Is it 'river'? Not quite. You're very close. Ford. Ford. Point over there. [DING] — 'Pig crossing'. — Literally 'swine ford'. It's where you put the pigs through the river. I love it. There's a German footballer called Schweinsteiger. I always loved that: 'Pig-farmer'. I love it when you do translate. My wife does that a little bit, you know, of translating foreign footballers' names. 'Huh huh! Pig farmer.' And as soon as you've got that in your head... 'Pig farmer.' 'He's playing surprisingly well considering he's been up since dawn.' They don't milk pigs, do they? So he doesn't need to be up at dawn. No, we've missed the obvious one. We've missed 'Otto'. Of course! There's one of those. There's also... Poppo. — Nice! — Cool! He sounds like a children's clown. Poppo the Second, Margrave of Carniola. — Yes! Yes! — Ohhhh! Carniola! And thrice yes, please. And if he doesn't introduce himself like that every time, there is something wrong. Probably doesn't introduce himself very much at all any more. Well... if he didn't at the time. 'I am Margrave of Cariola.' 'I would like some petrol.' I mean, we're talking about someone who died more than 900 years ago. 'I would like some hay.' 'I am Margrave of Cariola. Twix please!' I've just got this idea of motorway service stations on medieval hay tracks now. Well, there would have been things like that. There would have been coaching... staging places. Yeah, it would have been a coaching inn. But I'm just having the idea that you pull off this slip road on this hay track, and there's this utterly uninterested person trying to flog you fish and chips that have been sat there for ten hours. 'You cannot get a frankfurter from these people.' 'For look at the prices they charge!' 'I shall go over to ye Manor of Ginster...' 'It is not warm. It is cold. These things should not be eaten in such a fashion!' 'But there be tax if we warm them.' 'But there be tax if we warm them, sir!' 'Yes, I know! I set the taxes!' 'Fine, fine. I shall eat it cold anyway. I am only on my way somewhere else.' 'I shall heat it on my horse's exhaust.' [Laughter] Ohhh. I just realized that essentially, that pasty tax thing is like a medieval tax. It's the kind of thing you'd expect King John to say in a Robin Hood story. Yes. A kids' Robin Hood story, of course, that doesn't involve death, but one that does involve taxing pasties. Yeah. Just a thought: 'I wouldst have to pull over at a, at a staging-place; I have soiled my —' Sorry, you're dropping into Wogan again here. I can't help it! 'I have soiled my breeches and I must take a quick call.' 'These privies are cleaned twice a day. Please tell Management if you find a problem.' There's a little analog clock on the wall, going round, saying 'Minutes since last...' They've got one of those grabby machines! — Just on a string... — Yeah. 'You could never find a favour from these things!' No, it's just a peasant strung up by the feet. [Laughter] And you've only got so much rope to lower them down. — 'I have a cunning plan!' — 'Get that one! Get that one!' 'His grip is not strong enough. They are rigged! They are rigged!' 'He has had some disease as a child!' The bears are just massively weighted... No, they're actual bears. 'I do not even want this!' I think we're riffing a Maid Marion and Her Merry Men sketch here. — Right, okay. At the end of the show, Gary, congratulations, you win this one. YEEES! Oh, I'd forgotten that. I'd forgotten he does that every time, doesn't he. You have won: Two hours racing around the coast, desperately trying to collect clams with a famous ballerina... in Darcy Bussell's Mussel Hustle. So enjoy that! That's been Matt Gray. That's been Gary Brannan. That's been Chris Joel. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time! And that was our show! If you liked it, leave us a comment, or better yet, share it around to your friends. We're trying not to be too needy, but... seriously, share it around! And there are more than thirty audio episodes of our reverse trivia podcast over at techdif.co.uk. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it's Chris Joel. Gary's line, just before Gary said it, so Gary's isn't funny, remember that. Yeah. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. And now on ITV1, our new Saturday night entertainment game show, join Stephen Mulhern in Get Out, That's My Trout. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. And I'll be following up on ITV2 with your reaction. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is: -They're getting better at that. -Yeah. Today we are talking about the Crazy Eights incident. The Crazy Eights or the Crazy Apes? Because one of those sounds brilliant. The Crazy Eights incident, also known as the CSX 8888 incident. Is it Chinese, they like eights, don't they? Oh, bloody hell. No, you're completely and utterly wrong. -It's a lucky number, isn't it? -Yes. That would be a lucky number, but this is (a) not in China and (b)... I nearly said two there. This is… this is (a) not in China and (b) not lucky. Was it unlucky? -CSX transportation is the company in question. -Okay. -A flight? -No. Public transport? -It's more of a freight carrier. -Is it a runaway train? -Oh, it is. -Does it go around... damn it. I wanted to do the whole first line. Is it that film? Oh, which film? There was a film with the guy that played Kirk in the new Star Treks. That would be Chris Pine. Yes, I think, and it was all undercranked, it's artificially sped up footage of American trains moving really slowly. I saw about 10 minutes of that. -It was terrible. It was amazing. -Yeah. Was it that? -Yes, it was. -Yes! It's called, it's got a terrible pun name, hasn't it though? -It's something like just Runaway, isn't it? -Runaway. -Unstoppable. -Unstoppable, there we go. Denzel Washington and Chris Pine, yes. Yeah. And you've skipped a huge amount of the article here, because that is the film based on this incident. So we've got a run… we've got a train what is running away? -Yes. -And not cos it scared, cos it naughty. Now, if I remember from the film, it was running away towards a city that had a very tight bend in it, and there was something that it couldn't fall off and destroy, - and it had terrible things inside it. - Now... Why did your movie pitch career never take off, Matt? Have you not heard me describing things before? Yeah, but never so compelling. You're right with some of that, it did have bad things in it. Was it radiation-y? -No. No, it was… -Was it chemical-y? Yes. I'm going to give a point for that and I feel like I shouldn't. Chemical-y bad things. Yeah, thousands of gallons of phenol. Is that a solvent? -Phenolic acid. -Is it an acid? I'm not, I'm not... Can we not just get a runaway train of Gaviscon to hit it -'cos that'd sort it out? -Oh! Yeah, you're also right that the movie had Devil's Curve in the city of Stanton. Is there actually a city of Stanton? I don't know if there's a city of Stanton, there certainly isn't a Devil's Curve. Is it… is it just a bad curve? No, the train… the actual real train, which was CSX 8888, that was the registry number, was not headed towards anything particularly dangerous. So Hollywood found it vaguely boring but someone thought, 'Oh, if we… 'if we made this worse than it actually was, it would be a compelling kind of film?' Yes. I like the thought of someone sat at home with their kid's train set, trying to think, 'How can I make this film exciting?' And they just kick the little bit of track, and it bends and he goes, "There we have it." This is notable for one particular aspect of it, but apart from the fact that there were no significant injuries or anything from it. It's notable for one thing. Had a film made about it. -Two things. -Okay. They tried to do the sort of stupid s*** that you see in the film where they pull a train alongside, and somebody leapt across to try and slow it down. Yes. Oh, right. So someone having seen a film tried to do something they might see in a film. Well, it was a little more thought out than that, but yes, this was rescued... That is damning with such faint praise. So first of all, what went wrong? What's happening here at this place? Did they not catch up to it and pull up next to it to do the… the jumpy thing? How do you pull up next to it? S***! -Was it on a single track railway? -Yes. Did it come up with all this idea, so we'll get this, we'll put it up, 'Oh...' No, no, they knew what it was on. And it's also notable for how far it went. Why is it running away? Well, that's how the show works, Gary. Gary, why was it running away? Well, alright, if I zip my anorak up ever so slightly, they should have vacuum braking. So if there's a break in the vacuum pipe, the brakes should come on. So has the driver collapsed or something? Oh, you so were close until the end. -Yeah, I'll still give you a point because… -Hit the point button you dick! This starts in a classification yard or a marshalling yard as it's known in the UK. So that's where they move stuff about and put them on the… the freight gets moved and… -Yes. -Trains; trains are made up into trains. Yeah. Where a mummy train and a daddy train make a baby train. There are different types of yard, what's a hump yard? You shunt without connecting. It's over a hump, it's a hill and it runs down via gravity. And you can… you can brake it at the top by popping things between the rails to catch the wheels, to slow them slightly, someone in a big room, goes; a big lever and goes, "Erghrrr," like that, -and they stop. -Goes what? I can't do it again, it's already passed, hasn't it? Yeah, there's another one… there's another one coming. "Erghrrr." It's a different lever, before anyone says anything else. There's also a gravity yard. I want to see the anti-gravity yard personally. That's for moving them between tracks, because then you can just shove them sideways gently. It's the same thing, isn't it, it's just a hill, they run down them. Yeah, it's literally: right, the trains are here, and you push them down the hill, you start them going and then you just have to align all the points up -and the switches up, so it goes the right way. -Now, is that where it went wrong? -Yes. -Did they align them to the output instead of to a siding, and then they just kept going? So it's not actually a gravity yard here, it's a flat yard, but the engineer on the train noticed that one of the switches, points, is misaligned. -So what does he do? -Hit it with a big hammer. Well, he can't brake fast enough, he knows -the train's not going to stop in time. -Did he jump off? Yes, he did. Ah, now, what you’ve done there, mate, now what you've done there is you've… you've left your train off, and it's going all on its own, at no point is this Thomas and the train will stop for not having a driver. Yes, he did… he did actually apply the airbrake, but the airbrake was disconnected, because it's in the middle of a yard and they don’t activate it there. Yes, yeah, yeah, and you might only have the engine brake which won't stop a full train. Yes. But it did turn off the dead man's switch because the brake's pushed. Now, that is very silly. If you take the keys out, you can't actually stop it, can you? No. Does anybody here know what a dynamic brake on a train is? Oh God, is it … oh no. It's what … that's what the APT had, isn't it? That's, that's fluid dynamic brake, isn't it? Yeah. That was liquid, that was a hydraulic brake, wasn't it? A dynamic brake is using the throttle to power the brakes. That's it, it recharges the brakes and goes by like the reserve energy, because they are electric motors rather than just a diesel engine driving the wheels. It's a diesel engine driving an electric motor and you use that to recharge the brake circuits. -Yes. -Is it like using a flywheel as a brake? -Yeah, a little bit. -Yeah, moving kinetic energy into the other system. Sorry, I'm getting just a bit engineery-intrigued now. No, that's fair. I like the fact that they're all having these discussions while the train was running away out of the yard behind them. What happens if, for example, you fail to set the dynamic brake and then send power to it? Ah, now, does that just make the brakes not work even better? No, it's just going to accelerate. -Oh s***. -He'd just turned the throttle on. -Awesome. Oh s***, you've just made it go faster there, mate. -Yes. -And then he jumped off. He... yes. Now. Now, what he really did there… -This is America, right? -Uh-huh. The thing I know about America is that it's big, yeah. -Yes. -Point! So, and America has big long straight bits of railway with nothing. -Yes. -Was this a diesel engine and did they just wait for the diesel to run out? They've got quite a bit of diesel on though, haven't they? Yes. Did they just wait? They’ve got quite a bit of America too. No, they didn't, but you’re along sort of the right lines, when I said this was notable... Ha, 'lines'. ...when I said it was notable, I mean it was notable for something in particular about this. Did they try and syphon the diesel out while it was driving? Someone just comes up with a hosepipe, sticks it in and goes... The brakes aren't working. Is this the train that's travelled on its own the longest? No. I don't know if it's officially the longest but it is certainly a very, very long distance. It went for two hours at somewhere around fifty miles an hour. Whoa! That's nearly 100 miles. Yes. There are all sorts of movie plot threats and ideas that you've come up with here. What are they actually going to try and do to it? What's the practical solution to: runaway train? Get one of those little carts. Here we go. What has the pumpy thing on and go dead fast so you catch up with it down a hill. And then you climb up all along the top and get in the driver's cab and then, and turn it off. Do that but with another locomotive. Yes. Actually you could just bring something out in front of it and brake it, right? They also planned to do that, they didn’t actually need to do that in time. -Did it crash by that point? -No. No, what's… what's the plan here? So first of all they use something called a portable derailer. So they want to jump the wheels off the track so then it's grinding and more than driving, and then it'll just slow down because it hasn't got enough grip. Yeah. Well, more than that, it will knock the wheels off the track. And just … I mean that's not a great place for a locomotive to be in? At this point, you get the police coming out and throwing a stinger trap underneath it. -Oh! -Trying to pop the tires… oh, it doesn't matter. -Now… -Somebody's like, "what you did there"… The police did try to do something to it. -Shoot it. -Yes. Because it's America and the police. What with, a f***ing cannon? Well, they were trying to hit something on it. The fuel lines? The brake? -Not quite. -The driver. That pillock who jumped off. They're trying to... fire at the fuel... well, it's diesel so it won't ignite. But, yeah, I suppose you could shoot the fuel lines. Or the tanks! The fuel tanks. The emergency fuel cut-off switch, you know, that’s close enough. They're trying to hit a switch. Yes, it … it didn't work. They're just dicking around, it's a moving f***ing target, isn't it? So we now have: runaway train that has been shot at by the police. Unsuccessfully shot at. With the accelerator being a bit stuck down. Yeah. And the, the other brake being on, but essentially being completely burned out by this. What’s the plan? What do they go with? We have experienced railroad engineers here. They put it in reverse somehow with the power of the mind. You sort of suggested this earlier. What, drive another vehicle, couple it and then use those brakes? Yes. So the two engineers, you know, train coming the other way, pulled off. Oh, okay. I was going to say, coming the other way? Yeah. Waited for that train to pass and then chased it. That must have looked awesome. Yes. When was this, did they video it? There is video of the runaway train but not of this actual moment. -That's a real… that’s a massive oversight. -Is it the 70s? 2001. Yeah, massive oversight, get a helicopter over this, you've got rights. So an engineer with 31 years of service. Nice, is it his last day before retirement? I think it was in the film, it actually was in the film. Oh, of course it f***ing was. And a rookie conductor with one year's experience. "But it'll never work!" "Listen to me kid, I am," looks down imaginary camera, "the engineer." Looks at picture of dead wife. I watched that film thinking it was so formulaic, but it actually happened like that. Yes, then the… the train master… Oh! "Behold!" "The train master." Stood in front of it on the tracks and said, "Halt." Is the train master Brunel? No, it's Topham Hatt just with his little straight arms. "You have been a very naughty engine." Suddenly then they listen and Ringo has suddenly appeared in the back of the train to narrate this s***. Wait a minute, did the young engineer try and go first, and the old engineer said, "no, you've got too much to live for" at the last second? Pull him out of the way and do it himself. Yeah, train master, John Horsfeld, ran alongside the train. Ran? They've got it down to like 11 miles an hour now, so he sprints along… Okay, fifty mile an hour. -Climbs aboard. -That's still a quick run, that. -And shuts down the engine, yes. They have another train upfront to… ready to try and… Ram it. Not quite ram it, but, you know, slow it down by braking. -Ram it. -Ram it, fine, yes. What happened to the engineer who first made the mistake, way way back? So it's now stopped, they've recovered it, it's going back to the yard. The engineer at the start, what happened to him? He was made to lie down on the rails while they backed it up. Ooh! Did he have to walk all the way to pick it back up again? It’s actually a bit harder to work out because they never released the name of the engineer. Yeah, I don't think I would either. Because in aviation, you don't do that, you don't go for blame, you go for, let's work out what happened and then work out how to make it not happen again. -Yes. -And then you get at that rather than it's … it's a blameless culture, whatever they call it. -So then things get reported. -Yeah, you've actually… Because in the end it's always systems or technology that's eventually caused the problem. And if not, you think you're going to get blamed for something, you're not going to report that something happened, then you don't get good safety. Yeah, it's called a 'just culture' and you've literally answered several of the questions I was about to ask. -Have two points. -Yeah! Alright, so what's happened to the engine in the end? Has it been destroyed as a warning to others? Is it in a retirement home? What are they called? Museum? Those are two very different things. A retirement home for objects is a museum. Okay. Okay, right yeah. He's not wrong. But neither is he right. But that's… that doesn't work the other way around. Like a retirement home is not a museum of people. No. Several railway museums tried to buy it but officials replied, they "did not feel it worthy of preservation." -Yes, because… -Please forget this. The train would tell the other trains how to run away. Oh. Dangerous knowledge. And it was torn down and rebuilt as part of a regular rebuild process. So it is now... bits of it are now in other places. It got hung, drawn and quartered. I am... yeah, basically, yeah, that's pretty much what hung, drawing and quartering was. I've got the idea now, of all these bits from other trains and these bits are sentient and suddenly at some point, and here's the second film... Lots of trains run away. I'm getting a sense this second one's written by Stephen King. Ideally me, but, yeah, alright, I'll sell the rights. So at the end of the show, congratulations, Gary, you win this one. You win the rights to your screenplay being produced. No, sorry. You win a shirt that exposes your midriff sponsored by a series of Korean boy bands. It's a K-pop crop top. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time.
Nowadays if you want to interact with a TV programme, you pick up the phone or you text, and you vote. And if you want a lot of information you go on the web. But it wasn't always so, before the web got mainstream, what you would do is you would send a stamped addressed envelope if you wanted a big pack of information. This means, for anyone born after, say, about 2000, you would take an envelope, you would address it to yourself. you would put a stamp on it, you would put it in another envelope, and you would post that envelope off to the TV company. And a couple of weeks later they would get it, open it, put their information in the envelope you'd written to yourself, send it back to you, and then finally a month later you would actually have some information from the TV company. Now, in the early 90s, before the web came along, someone did have an idea: a couple of British programs on ITV... Yo, Yo, Bad Influence. Check it out! Mc Crane, kick it one time. I'm sorry! -- experimented, with something called a datablast. Home video recorders were now a thing. So, over the credits of their shows, right at the end, they would put information in each frame over the credits. So that home viewers could record the whole thing, and then pause through at their leisure. Which was a good idea in theory, in practice it was a bad idea because the web came along, and it was a bad idea because home video recorders aren't nearly good enough to manage that: they stutter, they create artifacts, they have all sorts of problems. But who knows? If the web hadn't come along, maybe, maybe, even now we'd have a datablast at the end of each of our TV shows. And that is something you might have known [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm on 50th Street in Manhattan and behind me, underneath that scaffolding is Tad's Broiled Steaks, one of the first fast food restaurants. I mean, it wasn't quite what we recognize today. It's more of a cafeteria. But the idea that you went in and you ordered from a very limited menu with limited options, and it was cheap: that was the brainchild of the Townsend family and Tad's Broiled Steaks. But that's not what I'm here to talk about. What I'm here to talk about is a slightly less successful idea they had in the 1960s. Here, on the first block of East 42nd Street, about where that McDonald's is now, they opened Tad's Varieties. Now, there isn't much of a record of this. The only contemporary article I could find was in the New Yorker in 1963, which explained the concept. You would go in, pick a frozen meal that's been made earlier that day or earlier that week, take it to a microwave oven on your own table and heat it yourself. And, well, that's an astonishing idea - that was going to change the world. In fact, the guy who opened the restaurant said that in the future, there would be only two types of restaurants: Fancy, upscale ones where someone else did the cooking, and cafeterias like that one, where you went in, picked your frozen meal and set it up in your own microwave oven. And he was nearly right. But not quite. He failed to predict home microwaves and the ready-meals, and the TV dinners that actually went on to change the world. And the restaurant closed down soon after, but Ray Kroc, the guy who started McDonald's, he took advice from the Townsend family. That McDonald's over there is, in some ways, a descendant of a restaurant that might not have worked out itself, but still left a bit of a mark on history. Who knows, if history had turned out slightly differently, perhaps there'd be microwave cafeterias all over the world. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Today’s guest video is from Grady at Practical Engineering. He’s talking about a tragedy: and the lessons we learned and the reasons why it happened are fascinating. Also, he made his own props. Grady, take it away. In the summer of 1981, the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Kansas City, Missouri, hosted a large party in the multi-story atrium area. During the event, suspended walkways on the second and fourth floors collapsed, killing over 100 people and injuring over 200 more. At the time, the accident was the worst structural failure in US history. In the wake of the disaster, investigators discovered a change to the original design of the walkways that was proposed by the fabricator and mistakenly approved by the structural engineer. What, at first glance, seemed like a subtle adjustment to the design, turned out to be the root cause of the failure. Two suspended walkways spanned the atrium in the Hyatt Regency with the second-floor walkway directly below the fourth-floor walkway. Each was supported by a series of box girders suspended by hanger rods and retained by nuts and washers. The original design called for a single pair of hanger rods, which would pass through each fourth-floor girder to the second-floor girder below. The fabricator responsible for constructing the walkways objected to this plan because it would require screw threads for the entire length of the hanger rods, which could easily be damaged during construction. So, they proposed to split the hanger rods into two sets. One to connect the fourth-floor walkway to the roof and one to connect the second-floor walkway up to the fourth-floor girders. If you don’t notice the significance of this change, you’re not alone. It was approved by the engineer without a detailed review or calculations, which would have revealed its inherent flaw. In this setup, which represents the original design, the load of the two walkways is independently transferred to the hanger rods. Notice how I can lift each girder without affecting the other. Now, let’s look at the design change. In this configuration, notice that the entire weight of the second-floor walkway is being borne not directly by the hanger rod, but instead, by the girder above. If I lift the fourth-floor walkway, the second-floor walkway is lifted as well. The hanger rods are still carrying the same load at the top, but the two nuts on the upper girder are supporting the weight of both walkways. This simple change effectively doubled the load on those bolted connections. Imagine that you and a friend are both hanging on a rope. The original design is the equivalent of you both holding onto the rope independently, whereas the design change is the equivalent of your friend hanging onto your ankles. The total weight supported by the rope is the same in both cases, but your likelihood of maintaining a grip is not. This subtle change was identified by investigators as the primary cause of failure. With so many people on the walkways that evening, the load on the connections was too great. The box girders split open, slipping past the washers and nuts leading to the collapse of both walkways. There is an implicit handshake between a society and its engineers. We hardly have a choice but to trust that the constructed environment that we live in is safe and sound. When an engineer seals a design, he or she takes responsibility for its accuracy and safety to the general public. But the err is human and that includes engineers. So, we try to develop conventions and processes that can catch and correct from mistakes before they get too far. And that includes studying and learning from errors made in the past. The failure of the Hyatt Regency walkways is an important case study taught to nearly every engineer with the goal that such a tragedy will never occur again. Practical Engineering is filled with great videos, so go subscribe! I would recommend starting with Grady’s video on hydrostatics. Next time, a guest video with a prop that has been to the moon.
This video contains images of a preserved, severed human toe. Just warning you. There's not really much I can say here. I'm in Dawson City, which is an old mining town in the Yukon Territory, where the Klondike and Yukon rivers meet, and this... this is a cocktail with a severed human toe in it. - The Sourtoe Cocktail, it's real simple: straight shot of liquor, at least 40%, and you drop a human toe into it. It all started way back in Prohibition era. Two brothers running alcohol up into Alaska. They thought the police were on their trail, so one of the brothers stepped through some water, got frostbite on his toe. The other brother took an axe, hacked off the toe. They left it in a jar of their alcohol out in a cabin in the woods. Years later, Captain Dick Stevenson bought this cabin, was emptying it out and he found this jar with a toe in it, thought it'd be hilarious to bring it to the bar, and do some drinks with it with his friends, and the Sourtoe Cocktail was born. Our toes we receive from donors, mostly anonymous, but we actually have a gentleman over in the UK right now who ran the Yukon ultra-marathon over the winter, got frostbite, and decided, you know what? Might as well put these frostbitten, removed toes to good use, so we're having somebody pick them up in June, and hopefully, he can come back here someday and do his own toes in a Sourtoe Cocktail. Terry Lee is our current Sourtoe Master. Former ferryboat captain, so he's got his title of captain there. Fun guy, loves his toes. - I serve four nights a week. I've been doing this for five years, and I've seen all kinds of people. This toe is a hammertoe, which was deformed, and so it had to be removed. Who it was removed from, I don't know. The person is probably still alive, but for most cases, it's people that's dead. That's toe number 13. The other toes, you know, one was lost and a couple were stolen, returned... Some just get used up. Five were swallowed, one on purpose, and I don't even want to talk about that guy. They've gone through quite a life. - Full disclosure, I don't drink alcohol, so there's a little bit of special dispensation here. I still have the shot of liquor and the toe's still going in it, but I'm pouring off the liquor, and putting the toe in some ginger ale instead. I'm assured it's all within the rules. - It's safe, I mean, the health inspector gives us the okay to do it. It used to be that it could be done in anything from milk to pop to champagne to beer, but in more recent years, we're sticking to straight alcohol that's 40% or higher, and that's sort of our way of appeasing the health inspector and making sure this can continue on. Now that summer's coming on, it can get pretty busy. We can do upwards of 50, 60, 70 a night. - Up to now, we are at 77,888, but that's since June 11, 1995. This toe started in 1973, so the number could be 100,000. - I could wax philosophical for a while on how this isn't actually this disgusting. It's just like having a bit of beef jerky in there that's being used as a garnish. And actually, the owner of the beef jerky would be much less likely to consent than the owner of the toe. But, I know what you're here for. Let's do it. - Okay. So Thomas. - Yes? - Are you ready? - I am ready. - You better be. Be warned, the toe must not enter the mouth or be bitten, chewed, or God forbid, swallowed, or it's a $2,500 fine. And so, in light of the above, you can drink it fast, you can drink it slow, but your lips must touch this gnarly toe. Just your lips, no teeth, no tongue, no tonsils. - Here goes. Alright, pour out the liquor. Pour out the toe. - There we go. - Cheers. - Make sure it touches the lips. And there it is. Well done, sir. - [shudders] - This is the certification of your folly, sir. - Thank you very much.
Tom: I'm on a train, with no brakes, going backwards. And not just any train, this is Stephenson's Rocket, which was built in-- when was it, Chris? Chris: 1829. --1829. Well it's not the original, that's in the Science Museum. This is a replica from 150 years later, that is in the National Railway Museum in York, but for all intents and purposes this is Stephanson's Rocket and it has no brakes. Chris, tell them why, tell them something they might now know(!) Okay. When this was built, proper brakes really hadn't been invented, you had an handbrake for when you were stood still, and we also on this loco have modern brakes, because that's the law! But we try not to use them, we try to be authentic. So, the way we'll brake is literally-- well we're going backwards at the moment-- so we'll stick it in forwards gear. That will put steam into the cylinders on the opposite side and bring us gradually to a nice slow halt, then we'll just saunter off in the opposite direction. Now, it seems like that would damage it, it seems like because on a regular gear box when you hit that and put it-- there we go-- into reverse, it feels like that should mesh the gears wrongly, but that's not what's happening here, it's just injecting steam the other way. That's exactly right. The cylinder moves backwards and forwards like this. We just put the steam into the direction that the cylinder wants to move. It tries to compress the steam and that resistance slows the loco down. And so we comes steadily to a stop, like here, and then once we hit that, it just starts going the other way. Hopefully! That is wonderful! That is how you stop Stephenson's Rocket, that is a train with no brakes and that-- thank you to Chris, Charlie and the National Railway Museum-- is something you might not have known! [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I am squinting into the sun at the sundial at the Olympic Park and this is a gorgeously designed sundial. Because not only is the user the gnomon, the post for the sundial, so my shadow is reading 11 o'clock and that is pretty much accurate, it also has GMT and BST so the summer months still have the correct time. And it has the equation of time built into it. Now the equation of time, the name sounds like pseudo-scientific rubbish, but it isn't. It's an equation in the old fashion sense of "to make equal". See, there are two different types of time, if you like. There is solar time, that is, the time that means that noon is when the sun is highest in the sky. And then, there is mean time. Clock time, a kind of averaged, ideal time where noon falls reliably every twenty-four hours. And, well, there is a distinction between the two. Because look down at my feet, June is now so I am standing here. Were it March or September, I'd be standing here. And that is because the sun would be in a different position in the sky. It would be lower. Because a) The Earth is tilted because of the seasons. B) earth orbit is an ellipse not a circle. So I'd be standing here, the sun would be in a different position, but my shadow would still read 11. And if it were January or December in the depths of winter, I'd be standing here, and my shadow would still be- Well actually, the olympic stadium would be covering up the sun. So my shadow wouldn't be anywhere. But were there theoretically a shadow, it would still hit 11. And the interesting thing about that is that sundials have only been fitted with this in the last couple of centuries. You see, it used to be that sundials were BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt accurate record of time. When the sundial said it was noon the sun was the highest in the sky, and it was noon. No matter the time of year. And then along came reliable clocks and later the railways and telecommunication. The requirement for different bits of the country to be on the same time, to have the same noon. So it went from sundials being accurate and mechanical clocks always being a little bit out... to mechanical clocks being accurate and sundials always being a little bit out. And you can find from a few centuries ago, things called equation clocks. Perfectly accurate clocks, reliable 24 hours in a day clocks, more or less. That would deliberately change their time either by a complicated clockwork mechanism or by the user changing something. So that they were acurate to the sundials and not the other way round Because sunrise in the east could be 20 minutes, 25 minutes ahead of sunrise in the west of Britain. So there you go: the equation of time. It's a thing that means sundials aren't accurate anymore, even though once upon a time they always were. Something you might not have known. English Subtitles by: UndeadDog
I like finding exceptions to rules. The sort of things that expose assumptions about how we think the world works, and that confuse any computer system that isn't set up to accept them. Like: streets have names, right? Okay, sure, there are some people out there who'll immediately go, ah, no, see, there are lots of streets that don't have names, in rural areas and the developing world, or there are the roads that just have a number or a letter. And some of you will go, oh, well, actually, Japan. Most of Japan doesn't name its streets, it names and numbers its city blocks, and besides it's more complicated than that... But, okay. In a Western European nation like Germany, in the centre of a large city like Mannheim, you'd expect there to be street names. Nah. Welcome to the exception to the rule. Here inside the Quadrates of Mannheim, the Squares of the town centre, only a few major streets have names. Every other building is referred to by which square it's on, as part of a grid. The west half gets the letters A-K; the east half, L-U, and that's followed by the number of blocks from the centre. So you can have C4, or in German "𝕮𝟜" [see-fear], which explains why the art gallery on it is called Zephyr. Given the German reputation for humour, that's a pretty good multilingual pun. None of the modern mapping companies know what to do with this. They'd be fine if the whole country ran on a different system, but mixing and matching in the same area, in a region that, as far as most people know, just doesn't do this... well, they can't cope. Google and Microsoft get confused and give each road multiple names. Apple insist that each road just has one name, and they're entirely wrong, although it's Apple Maps, so, you know(!) OpenStreetMap, which is community-led, recognises full addresses but not the individual blocks, although presumably that'll be fixed within a few hours of this video being uploaded. This isn't some modern invention, either. This isn't something brought on by future-looking city planners rebuilding after the Second World War, or 80s planners getting ahead of themselves. While the numbering patterns have changed over the years, this bit of Mannheim has had some form of block numbering for a long, long time. Why change it just because some programmers can't figure out how to put it into their database? The programmers have only been around for a few years. This city has been around for centuries. The address of a place here in the Quadrates really is just a number, then a block, Mannheim, Germany. Even if some computers don't believe it.
I am still in the Arctic, so today’s guest video comes from Collin Rodefer over at the Collin Sphere Travel Vlog, who’s reporting from China. Nice to meet you, my name is Collin and here we are in beautiful Shanghai, China. Home to tens of millions of people, Shanghai is one of the most populated cities in the world. You might know some attractions that Shanghai has to offer, such as the Bund, Nanjing Road, and even the newly opened Disneyland. But despite the enormous population, you might be surprised to find out that here lies, within this city, fully built newly constructed towns that remain virtually empty. Modern day ghost towns. Located at the end of subway line 9 lies Thames Town, an English style ghost town with street names such as Prince and Harry Street. It’s what you might expect from a replica town which even sports many statues of well-known figures from English history and culture. This town was originally built to service a thriving community. And with shop signs that read “open”, you have to take a closer look to realise that the fresh fruits that are on display in the windows are actually fake and that these shots are, in fact, abandoned. On the chance that you do encounter people, it’s not hard to see that this town serves more as a place of tourism, and even more so, a backdrop for wedding photography. Completed in 2006, Thames Town was one of nine Western-style towns to be built on the outskirts of Shanghai. In order to alleviate pressure and congestion within the city centre. It was reported that it cost ¥5 billion to complete, and can house up to 10,000 people. Its sole purpose was to house students and staff at nine universities in nearby Songjiang University City. As you can tell, ten years later, it just hasn’t met that purpose. After walking the perimeter of the town, which only occupies one square kilometre of space, and seeing nothing but empty residential after residential, I decided to test my luck and head into the city centre to see what kind of lively events Thames Town has to offer on a summer’s weekend night. Nothing. So why did this happen? Why did this fail? Well, once the town was completed, the majority of properties were bought up by wealthy investors and individuals looking to make businesses and this place their second home. As naturally, as demand rises, prices rise, and in this case prices skyrocketed, making it unattainable for universities to provide accommodation for their students and staff. So with the majority of properties purchased, you end up with a lot of empty shops, and you have all the businesses trying to provide services for around 1,000 people when the population should really be around ten times that. When you think of a ghost town, you may think of the classic Western American towns we all see in movies with the ever-so-classic tumbleweeds being blown into the distance. The difference between a town like that and this, is that those towns one point developed communities and now we just have the remains of the buildings – whereas here everything is new and clean, and is just... existing. Walking to this town, you definitely get an eerie feeling here, and it kind of almost feels like the Truman Show, as in you know there’s people living here, however something about it just feels fake. The best way to describe it, I would say, is it kind of feels like a Hollywood set. But behind closed doors it doesn’t feel so Hollywood, and you get a totally different feeling. Searching around, I was able to get into a small coffee shop called Andy Coffee, and with the counters turned over and the chairs thrown around, you get the feeling that previous owners just up-and-left the place. Like, they had to be suddenly evacuated. In that moment, I was rather paranoid about being in there, but in hindsight, I really should have just sat down and brewed myself a coffee. The thought that I keep trying to shake is that this is an actual community where people actually live their lives, rather than just being a tourist attraction. And there’s reasons why there have been many comparisons to the EPCOT Center, and I have to keep reminding myself that I can stay here as long as I want. There is no closing time. It’s… it’s quite interesting to say the least, and would I live here? Definitely. Definitely, if I could afford it. If you were to ask me how English this is town actually feel, I would say that other than the Chinese characters around every corner, and other tell-tale signs such as bamboo scaffolding, you would have a hard time differentiating between Thames Town and an actual English town. Of course you can nitpick the small things, like windows being larger in comparison, but this is just a preference of Chinese culture. The middle ground lies somewhere in both the English and Chinese undying love for tea. Now whether this town is deemed successful or not, that’s not my call. And although the town did not meet its initial purpose, the fact that the majority of the properties were purchased, coupled with the fact that China is now building another one of these towns in Beijing, tells me that they see something worthwhile in building these little western towns. Once again, my name is Collin, and thank you for experiencing this amazing place with me. Thank you, Collin! Go subscribe to his channel now, links are in the description or on screen. He’s got loads of great videos like that. And what I love about that is finding out that the replica version of London has exactly the same property bubble problem as the real version of London. Next time, the final guest video: and it’s about something that you’ve probably seen and probably didn’t want to.
This is non-brewed condiment. It's water, ethanoic acid, plus a few colourings and flavourings. And in almost the all the chip shops up and down Britain, this is the "vinegar" you'll get on the counter. And in the modern world, it has some advantages. It can be made from a concentrate, which is fine provided the owner of the chip shop actually remembers to dilute it. That went wrong a couple of times. It's also halal, because there isn't the tiny amount of alcohol in it that brewing regular vinegar causes. And some brands of it are actually gluten-free, which regular malt vinegar most definitely isn't. I've seen this sold at a premium as "gluten-free vinegar". But none of those are the reason that it's caught on. There are claims that it started in the temperance movement, the people who were against alcohol in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, but I can't find a reliable source for that -- ha, "sauce" -- I can't find a reliable authority for that. The reason is, chucking some chemicals together is significantly cheaper than actually brewing vinegar. This stuff has been around for a long time, there's a reference to it in a 100-year-old report from Her Majesty's Inspector of Foods. Now legally, it can't be described as vinegar. Trading Standards, the local government agencies that enforce food laws, are really clear on that. It cannot be put in the traditional little bottles that people associate with vinegar. Except: every chip shop, up and down the country, doesn't care. And Trading Standards... they could go into every chip shop in the country and get an easy prosecution -- but they don't. They've got better things to do, like tracking down food that will actually injure or harm you, and it's not like they'd see any of the money from fines anyway, that's not how it works. And most people don't know this isn't vinegar. And those of us who do know... actually don't care. It's not like margarine and butter, where the chemical make-up and health effects are actually different, it's just a slightly different taste and a slightly different make up. But no one cares. No one minds. Up and down the country, everyone agrees: it's fine. This is vinegar. So here's my question: does it matter? [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
And keep that going please, for the start of the show! No, keep going! This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me... F***ing hell. What the f***?! We're starting the show. "Well, no. "No, I'm not here for this, no, no." Let's do that again. And why might they have been called the Black Legion? Did they go at night? No. No. Did they go in the day? I mean they went whenever was best for the… Was it camouflage tactics? Did they cover themselves in mud or something to hide in bushes and stuff? Ooh, I'll give you a point for camouflage tactics, but it wasn't mud. S***. That would be the Brown Legion, and that's very different. It's now time to play "Beano character or shipping forecast area?" Gnasher, Dennis, Softy Walter, rising slightly. Westerly three or four, becoming good later. Fatty, Smithy, failing. But we did it for Sark, let's do it for the French as well. We might get an invite there at some point as well. Threaten to play football and never follow through? I followed through when they took up the offer. Thank you very much. -Alright, this was a French… -Poo. Sorry? He made a poo joke. It's funny because it's about poo. It was just you went, 'poo' as well. This…th...
- I'm taking January off, and while I'm gone, some amazing creators are going to be taking over this channel. We start with Rohin Francis, a cardiologist who runs Medlife Crisis. His video includes footage from his diving trip to Borneo and a couple of jokes that I am deeply uncomfortable with. Rohin, over to you. - How long can you hold your breath? One, two minutes? I'm sorry, homo sapiens are just pretty pathetic next to the diving world champions who can stay underwater for one or two hours. So how do they do it? Well, there are a few different ways, some you can actually take advantage of by channelling your inner dolphin. [dolphin squeak] Others involve a little bit of gentle evolution, so maybe a bit of a tall order for most of us unless you're a member of an Asian community who have evolved into real life Aquamen. [tranquil music] There are five ways we can spend longer underwater. Number one is to increase your tolerance to carbon dioxide. The first thing that makes you want to take a breath is the rising level of carbon dioxide or hypercapnia. "Hyper from the Greek, meaning too much or above, "and kapnos, meaning smoke." This acidic waste gas builds up, and the body is so acutely sensitive to any changes in pH, even though it's tiny, that it starts screaming at you to... Breathe, god damn you! Incidentally, this is why any diet claiming to alkalinize your blood is basically [cow moo] Now you can improve your carbon dioxide tolerance quite quickly. I was able to go from about 90 seconds breath-hold to five minutes with just a few days' worth of snorkelling and some tips from an experienced free diver. The next obstacle though is a lot harder to get around and that's hypoxia or low oxygen. Hypoxia kills cells. No matter how you die, ultimately it's hypoxia at the cellular level, i.e. your cells being starved of oxygen, that is the cause of your inevitable death. Unlike training your body to become more tolerant to hypercapnia, increasing your tolerance to hypoxia takes years of training. And of course, there is a level past which no human can actually go. So what is the solution for a longer dive? Well, to maximise oxygen delivery and minimise oxygen use. Which brings me to number two. The reason that this steak is red is a protein called myoglobin, which is found in the muscles of pretty much every mammal and it's responsible for storing oxygen. However if we were tucking into a steak that came from a seal it would be almost black in appearance because they've got ten times more myoglobin than humans or cows. This is not a human steak. So why can't we just pack in more myoglobin and store more oxygen like the seals do? The problem with proteins is that [child burbles] The problem with proteins is that when they g-- [child burbles] The problem with proteins is th-- [child drums] The problem with proteins is when they get too tightly packed they start to clump together and lose their function but marine mammals have evolved a very clever way to deal with this. Their variant of the myoglobin molecule has a positive electric charge. As I'm sure you know, positive repels positive and as a result the proteins can get very close together without forming those clumps. Number three is to adjust your blood flow to preferentially supply the heart and the brain at the expense of things like the extremities which are much more tolerant to having a reduced blood flow. And number four is to slow your heart down. Your heart is very oxygen-hungry organ so by reducing your heart rate you're immediately buying yourself more time under water. I've mentioned these two together because they form part of the dive reflex. Erroneously sometimes called the mammalian dive reflex. It's actually been found in pretty much every air-breathing vertebrate that's been studied. It's stimulated by submersion in water, particularly cold water. And remember, below 200m depth, water is cold no matter where you are in the world and of course that's where most mammals do their hunting. So what is the dive reflex? Well let's take a look. [bells] [blows conch shell] That's the wrong video. I've not tried this before but I filled up a basin with ice water. I'm going to hold my breath and submerge my face in the water probably just for about thirty seconds or so and I'll see if anything happens to my heart rate. I've got a pulse oximeter that you can see. Okay. Here goes. Agh. That was cold. So my heart rate has dropped right down to 45. It's still staying at 45. I don't know how long I was under maybe 30, 40 seconds. Now you can see it's slowly starting to climb again. This is just a cheap £10 oximeter that I bought online so I don't know how low the heart rate goes. I don't know when it starts becoming inaccurate but a lot of these commercial devices will have a cut off in the forties because most people's heart rate doesn't go that low. But I think it was a pretty clear demonstration. In diving mammals this is far more pronounced with Weddell's seals, for example, dropping the heart rate as low as four beats a minute. This effect is mediated by my favourite nerve, the vagus. Don't tell me you don't have a favourite nerve. Number five is also part of the dive reflex because it has another feature and that's to squeeze your spleen. The spleen is normally a small organ which is involved with the immune system and filtering the blood as such stores a little reservoir of blood. Now, in a healthy human with a normal sized spleen, that volume will be around 160ml of blood or 5% extra oxygen carrying ability, which can be squeezed out as part of the dive reflex when needed. However, diving mammals can have significantly enlarged spleens representing a much bigger reservoir of blood to be provided when necessary. I'm sorry, it looks like this one's out of reach for most of us. But that doesn't mean that there aren't any members of our species that haven't taken advantage. However, to meet them, we're going to need to take a short trip to Southeast Asia. Years ago I saw a BBC documentary that stuck in my mind permanently, which was about a fisherman who was so negatively buoyant he essentially sank twenty metres and walked along the bottom of the seabed, and what's more, he almost effortlessly held his breath for several minutes. He was member of the Bajau community, who are an ethnic group indigenous to oceanic Southeast Asia, the Philippines, Indonesia and here. I'm in north Borneo at the moment, in Sabah where they're one of the biggest ethnic groups and my diving instructors here tell legendary stories of Bajau who can hold their breath for fifteen minutes at a time under water. So what makes them so special? The Bajau have led a nomadic subsistence lifestyle for at least a thousand years, literally living out at sea, eating what they catch and rarely setting foot on land. Earlier this year, a research team led out of Copenhagen published an incredible study which demonstrated that the Bajau have evolved larger than average spleens when compared to nearby non-diving communities. Free divers develop big spleens through training. But the enlarged spleens in the Bajau are seen in members of the community who don't do any fishing or diving so we know that this is a genetic adaptation. You might wonder how a genetic pressure has been exerted until you consider the fact that the Bajau who dive spend five hours under water per day. So you can easily imagine how any mutation to confer an increased diving ability would have been positively selected. They identified many genetic variations seen in the Bajau but two snappily titled genes stood out. PDE10A is a gene noted to have differences amongst the Bajau, specifically the part of the gene that is responsible for thyroid function and spleen size. And the BDKRB2 gene is involved in the blood redistribution part of the dive reflex that we talked about earlier. Rather like the Sherpa in the high altitude Himalaya, this is evidence of human evolution from our fairly recent past. And now we're in the era of genetic analysis becoming commonplace, we're able to trace specific mutations and how they've travelled through time and geographically to make us the people we are today. But does research like this actually benefit patients here in hospital? Well I see the effects of hypoxia secondary to disease on a daily basis, where it causes death and disability. The hope is that by understanding how the Bajau or the Sherpa have adapted to life in a low oxygen environment, might guide development of new treatments to help the critically ill. Honey I've, uh, thought of a name. Just hear me out here. What do you think of Tom Scott Francis? Ow! - [clears throat] Thanks, Rohin. Go subscribe to Medlife Crisis! I would recommend starting with his Minute Medicine video on why you shouldn't run every medical test even if you can. Next week, a maths puzzle for you.
Today's show is sponsored by Arnold Schwarzenegger's One-Sided Chess Set. 'I'll be black.' This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. I have an almost-randomly selected article from everybody's favourite reliable source of knowledge, Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we have an article with 'multiple issues'. ALL: Oooo. It needs additional citations; it may need to be rewritten entirely... But nevertheless, we are talking about the flag of Mars. Right. So this is a question about the people who make Galaxy chocolate, yes? Yes, totally, yes. It's a bit like a Japanese flag, only it's a big Malteser in the middle. Surely that's the Maltese flag? Ohhh, you! Oh, he's got you there! He got me bang to rights! Meanwhile, across the river... there is the flag of Cadbury's. Yes. [Laughter] 'We march beneath our purple banner to GLORY!' Just loading cannons, again with Maltesers. Just as grapeshot. 'This is the most delicious battle ev — AAUGH!' Aaah! 'Still pretty good...' Honeycomb and chocolate in the eye at velocity! So goggles, obviously, is the first consideration, I think we can all agree. Hershey's won't join until 1941. ALL: Ohhh! [Laughter] Yes! And it'll just be terrible anyway. That's more of a comment on their chocolate. Cadbury's sending in the 1st Mounted Freddos, as the first.... No, they'd send in Taz's! Could you imagine the devastation? That's why Freddos went up to 20p. There was a shortage after the battle. Right. Massacred. Massacred. Caramel guts sprayed all over the place! 'Leave me! Leave me! Go on yourself!' 'Aaargh!' I've just got the thought of Mars... like they were multiple rocket-launchers in World War II, a Mars bar, like that. Thump! Thump! Thump! I've just got the idea that Swiss chocolate is sitting in the middle. — 'Not happening!' — Nope, nope. Curly Wurlys used as trenching ladders. [Laughter] Using Revels as grenades. Do you remember the Cadbury's Caramel rabbit? — Yes I do. — She'd be Florence Nightingale. I was thinking she was the cheesecake for the troops. — Oh crikey. Steady lad! — And the old ENSA shows. Be still! [Husky voice] 'Hi boys... I'll just undo the wrapper slightly...' [Cheers] 'Show us your gooey centre!' [Laughter] [Groans] That's the greatest laugh I've ever heard! Don't make him self-conscious of his laugh. He's got to keep it going. No! That would be even worse. It was actually — you know what... Horribly, I was laughing over the thought of one-legged Freddos... 'Yeah, lost the leg back in '15 in the Chocolate Wars.' 'They did melt a new one onto me, but it's not the same.' It's a leg from a Santa. I just got the thought of Taz's riding those Lindt rabbits. No, Lindt... Oh, no, Lindt's German, isn't it. It's not Swiss. I thought, yeah, Swiss neutrality, but yeah. 'Chaaarge!' Christ, have I told you about this, when I went to the Lindt factory... — Hello! — ...in Germany. Did you find the weapons stockpile or something? No, sadly it's even better than that. Because... you know, you go to the Cadbury's thing, and it's pretty much on the site of the real factory... — Yeah. — You're just one room over. Well, Lindt have got this little one that's on an island in one of the rivers... I forget which German city it is, I do apologize. And so you go on through, and they've got the fake little factory bit, and then there's this big display board about Mr Lindt. Okay. Saying, 'da da da... Mr Lindt started this company in blah blah blah blah in da da da...' Then the war starts: 'Sadly, Mr Lindt was tragically killed in 1918.' So it's like, oh, so he went to war, you know... it was a bombing raid or whatever... No! Mr Lindt died when one of his own fondant boilers exploded. Ohhh! And covered him in delicious goo! — If you're gonna go...! — Death by chocolate! [Laughter] And if someone didn't say that at the time... [Laughter] 'Eh? I know it's a little bit soon but, er...' [Together] 'Death by chocolate? Eh?' I can hear the damn muted trombone... ALL: Womp womp womp... 'No, it was horrifically heated caramel, Vicar.' [Laughter] 'There's a reason the casket is closed.' 'But, er... Still good!' 'In death, as in life... Mr Lindt was delicious.' [Laughter] 'All right [??], he may now be just the human equivalent of a Daim bar...' Oh! Bad time to take a sip of water, Matt. 'Soft on the outside, crunchy on the inside — Mr Lindt!' I almost feel sorry for a man who's been dead nearly a hundred years now. A long time ago... ALL: In a galaxy far, far away... Galaxy! ALL: Heyyy! We were talking about the flag of Mars. Yes. Is it red? Only in part. Is the red bit red? — Yes. — Ah, there we go. — Point. [DING] — Yaaay! Not sure why. Is the red bit Mars-shaped, i.e. a circle? No, not at all. It's very much symbolic, and... Is it a red horizon and then sort of a black upper band or something? Ooh, close to that. — Blue upper band? — Oh, with two stars, the Earth and the Moon? — And the sun? — No... I'm going to give you a point for blue band as well. [DING] You've got a red band and a blue band... Oh, okay. It's a tricolor, like the French flag or the German flag. Right, okay — what, sideways? Sideways. Red, blue... Red, blue and green, after Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars Trilogy. [DING] No way! No way! Red Mars, Green Mars, Blue Mars, in that order, representing past and possible futures of Mars. Oh, right, green being when we astroturf it. ...manage to terraform it. And blue when it has water. Yes. Right. So the green is the bit where we turf it over and have a country park or something like that — a picnic area... Just — that's where we're going to send all the football. Because we don't need it here on Earth. I would disagree. That is a great, great idea. ...No. You don't have to agree. You're welcome to go to Mars too! No, no, I will be on the supporters' bus to Mars and back on a Saturday. I just like the idea of low-gravity football now. Mmm, that's got a certain charm to it, hasn't it. It'd be a sod to control. You hoof it, and it comes back and hits you in the head. Well, did you ever play Brazilian football at school, where you're in the hall, and off the walls is perfectly valid? — Yes, I did, yes, yes... — I never played that! Ah, it's great. It's a game of football I can actually get behind. Imagine that — if we could get one of these floaty... You know the big fan chambers where you pretend you're skydiving? [Gasps] — Ohhh! — Oh no, you see, I've been to one of them. You can't control anything in it. Your bladder? Yes. You have to wear a diaper before you go in... Tom Scott's Anti-Gravity S***ting. Nappy, surely. Tom Scott: Pissing In The Wind. 'Aaaaah!' [Together] 'I'm singing in the rain...' Ohh! You horrible human beings. So what's relative gravity on Mars? — Er... — Give me a moment... — More than the Moon. — More than a six. It's nearly one-to-one, isn't it? It's actually about a third of gravity — 0.37. — Really? — Yeah. What, less — is it a third...? Okay. So I'm going to grasp sketchily here with my poor knowledge of physics... but are we now talking about a pitch that's three times the size for the ball to come down? Or do we just make the ball three times heavier? I just think you ask players to control themselves, quite frankly. Oh, you make it a game of subtlety and finesse Yes, and learn the Martian game. — Oooh. — Oooh! You can tell who actually bothered by football, here. Because you'd be able to jump higher... — Ohhh! — So, theoretically... Headers'd be marvelous! — I think... — It's not... I think with a third gravity you could expect someone to be able to jump over someone else. — Yeah. — I don't think that's an unreasonable... It'd be like Quidditch! I'm just thinking, actually, we take it back to the futsal thing, and off the ceiling is perfectly valid. Oh, you would have to have a ceiling, you're right. You would have to have a roof, you would. That solves it, yeah. It would have to be indoors, and therefore... Because otherwise you're going to be running for miles to get the damn ball back. Yeah. And a third gravity... Potentially, I mean, how long could you do the halfway wall-running thing? — Ohhh. — Under those auspices? 'I'm just gonna dribble it three feet up on the wall here past you...' You know. I wouldn't, no. I wouldn't allow that. I think you'd... no. I wouldn't be fine with running up the walls. — Well, you're not, you're running along the wall. — What if you had, like, curved... Oh, yeah! Like a velodrome. Like a half-pipe. A big half-pipe. Because you'd be able to get enough speed up to do these curving runs... Nah, it's not the spirit. I think people would just have to accept that... — Oh, yeah! Because the spirit of the game... — Not in the spirit of the game! The spirit of the game is on Mars. Is on Mars. Yes. Well, I think that Mars City, as they will undoubtedly be known... or United, there may be two teams. It may be able to support two teams, I don't know... would inevitably have a home advantage. The Mars Derby! The Mars Derby would be the... No, they wouldn't have home advantage. Don't forget that the original premise is, we're shipping every one of the buggers up there! Oh no, I was just thinking of starting a... of having a team up there and... Nope! Ship 'em all off. Goodbye! One hell of an away trip. It'd be a bit like when QPR had astroturfed the pitch, everyone said they had an unfair advantage. I think it'd be the same with Mars United. I think they would have an unfair advantage. Because they'd have all the breathing apparatus. GARY: They would. They would. Like Arnie in Total Recall. I tell you what, the away attendances would be shocking, wouldn't they. When you're a few years... 'And it's a very lifeless crowd here today...' [Laughter] When you're a few years down the line, though, we'd have people who'd grown up on Mars, who are presumably taller, more adapted to gravity. — Like, at that point... — They couldn't transfer to the Earth game, could they. — They wouldn't have the muscle tone. — No. They'd look at us as a race of semi-evolved dwarfs, wouldn't they? Which is why I think we should just nuke Mars now. And just nip this in the bud. Get the first dibs in. What you're saying is, we should just fire a Mars at Mars now. Yes. I think we really should. And leave the Freddos where they are. They've suffered enough. 'Eat nougaty death, ye Martian bastards!' I'm just thinking... because there's the idea of 'Rods from God'... Yes! Hyper-accelerated Mars bar. — Boomf. — Yeah! Whoomp! Rods from God — do you know the concept? The idea that the only space weapon you really need is a big titanium rod just sitting on a satellite, and then when you're over the city you want, you just drop it. Poor Titanium Rod, sat up there on his own. I'd like to see if you could get, like, Rod Stewart and drop him on... — Yes. — Ha! [Sings] 'Baaaby Jane...' No, that's more... That's more psychological warfare. You parachute him in, still alive. 'My name is Titanium Rod.' 'And I, ironically, am the man who's in charge of the titanium rods.' When it arrives it has as much kinetic energy as an atomic bomb would. And it levels the city. And all you need to do is get the thing up there in the first place. — How would you do that? — 'All you need to do,' yeah. How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt will drop one, won't they, while they're up there. 'Ooop! Bugger.' — Ohhh... — 'Oh, there she goes...' 'Oh, s***.' 'Hello? Is this Chicago? I've, er, got some bad news...' There's actually a thing that would prevent both... You know, a legal thing that prevents both the development of weapons like that, Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt it's the reason the flag of Mars isn't official. Does anyone know what it is? Who owns Mars? Bet they've sold off plots of it like they have on the Moon. Yeah. They absolutely have, but again, this is the thing that prevents it. — Does anyone know what the...? — No. The International Treaty on Not Being a Dick About Mars. I'm going to give you a point. It's the Outer Space Treaty. Yeah, Interstellar Treaty... [DING] Yeah. The Outer Space Treaty bans weapons of mass destruction in orbit, or on the Moon, or anywhere else. And it also means that all the celestial bodies are open to mankind. Did anyone tell China about that? Yeah, it'll presumably last until someone actually lands there. — Yeah. 'Now it's ours.' — At which point... yes. Could you take a medical titanium rod into space under that pretense? That's what happened with the supergun, isn't it? — Yeah, it was. — The supergun? After the ban on NBC for Iraq... Nuclear, Biological, Chemical, yeah. After the ban for that in Iraq, he started building an enormous... Er, 'he'.. Saddam commissioned an enormous conventional gun, with a bore of about a metre, I think. I think the basic thought was, 'If I can't have biological and chemical weapons, 'I'll make the biggest, f***-off-est gun I can...' Yeah. They've got a piece in... Project Babylon. — Oh cool! — Heya. [Matt] It fires gardens! [Laughter] The whole thing sort of fell apart, and whatever else, but they've got a section of the barrel in Duxford Air Museum. I think it was Duxford — anyway... '...barrel length of 46 metres'. — Aww yeah. — And that was the baby one, the first one. I'm looking around, looking at it... 'Made in Sheffield'. Yeah. No way! [Laughter] It was a company called Forgemasters, if I don't forget... — Yeah. — If I remember rightly, that were... It does say here, 'The metal tubes... were purchased from firms in the United Kingdom, '...including Sheffield Forgemasters.' That's it. And if you're going to have a steel company, you call it something like that. — Sheffield Forgemasters, yeah. — Forgemasters! Well, basically, they were told it was drainage pipe that they were making, *with a bore on it* in the middle. 'Yeah, we like to rifle our s*** so it gets away from the cities faster.' [Laughter] Just get right in the groove there! Ptoom... Whoof! 'Were there any bullets left in the gun?' 'No, sir. By the time we got there, they'd been rifled.' [Laughter and groans] Yeah, Big Babylon was meant to be a one... Ha! Sorry — 'Big Babylon'! ...a one-metre-bore supergun. A space gun. It would shoot into... Oh, low orbit and then drop back down, yeah. I seem to remember they got... It was an MP or someone, the guy that basically rumbled the whole thing. Yeah. Didn't he come up with the great phrase of, 'They said it was a sewage pipe, but how come it had a thumping great muzzle on the end?' Well, there's some lovely commentary here, that... 'Neither of these devices could be elevated or trained, making them useless for direct military purposes.' You couldn't aim them. — You just shot at *something*. — Yes. I think you vaguely aim at something in the distance, and whatever it hits on, you go, 'See? We could move it...' And it's also immobile, which means it had the same problem as Germany's V-3: You can bomb it. It's there. It's five hundred feet long. You're not going to miss that, are you? You're not going to miss that. You can see it from Mars. I'll just fill the barrel with chocolate and watch it explode. 'Right, we've filled it with fondant, lads...' 'Next time it goes off, it's Mr Lindt all over again!' There is somewhere on Earth where the Mars flag is flying right now. Kim Stanley Robinson's back yard. Somewhere it's officially flying, by governmental decree. Is it the same as another country's flag? — No, not at all. — Okay. I'm going to get bone obvious. Are we saying something like Nasa or the European Space Agency or something like that? It's one of their facilities, yes. The Flashline Mars Arctic Research Station — which is a great name. — Yes! — Oh, okay. Does anyone want to take a guess where that is? — In the Arctic. — Is it in the Arctic? Point. [DING] Absolutely. [Laughter] It's not a guess. You told us the answer. Oh. It's in the name! Is the Flashline Arctic Research Station in the Arctic? No! It's in Venezuela. I just read the name! I just... I read the name. I didn't... [Laughter] ...didn't notice... I thought that was intentional! Keeping the point though! There have been a couple of other fictional Mars flags. This is the one that's sort of vaguely acceptable Does anyone want to take a guess what they might have been, and where they might have been? Red background and blue letters: 'Mars'. You know what, you are so close. [Laughter] Oh, okay. — No way. — It's not actually... It's red lettering... it's red on a white background. Yeah? And it's not quite 'Mars' but it's something very similar. This is from Heinlein's Stranger in a Strange Land. I've not read that one. I've read some Heinlein but not that one. It was simply the symbol for Mars: the male symbol, the circle with an arrow. — Ahhh. — Ohh. The side effect of that being, you are essentially just planting a sign that says, 'MEN!' What a surprise! From Heinlein! Er, yes, good point. Basically you'd be planting a flag that's got Austin Powers' medallion on it. Yes. Mojo symbol. And meanwhile on Venus, there is a flag that is just literally... There's a flag that's on fire. Briefly, before it's destroyed. Well, you say that... There was a plan that someone came up with to colonize the upper atmosphere of Venus. So what, fully orbital? Everyone just has to tread water. No, because the upper atmosphere is about atmospheric pressure. It's toxic air, but if it's at atmospheric pressure and you get a leak, 'Oh. I will walk up and I will seal the leak.' Put some Blu-Tack in it. The temperature's about habitable, the pressure's about habitable. So if you can keep a giant balloon up there, and the atmosphere is dense enough that you could do that, because our air is lighter, you could theoretically have a bubble, just sitting... Just a bubble city... Yeah. Cool! Mind you, that titanium rod program is coming on a treat. Actually, going back to the earlier part of this conversation, could you get a chocolate bar that could do that? I think reentry might pose a problem for a Mars bar. What if it were in a wrapper? — What, like Eminem? — Yeah. [Laughs] So what you're espousing is, putting a Mars bar in like, a round that will burn up perfectly through reentry... GARY: Yeeeup. Leaving you with a solid Mars bar, which will then refreeze in the upper atmosphere... Correct. Slowly defrost slightly, and then... Well, it's not going to be as damaging, but I like the way you're thinking. Yeah. That's the ultimate middle finger, isn't it? [American accent] 'Well, I do believe we are gonna attack you with nuclear weapons.' 'Ooh! Mars bar!' 'Nuclear weapons? Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt that. We can take you down with a Mars bar.' 'Gentlemen, I have an announcement... 'I have a Yorkie strategically positioned 'over the major centres of the world.' Actually, yeah, that is your weapon of choice. Unless you can afford some of that posh dark chocolate. But I don't think the Swiss'd sell it to you. I don't think they'd do it. So yeah, basically the... The weapon of choice for Britain in the space chocolate arms race — ...has to be the Yorkie. — Has to be the Yorkie, yeah. I know the Swiss'd be wheeling out the Toblerone and all that, but if you've got to keep up with the arms race, we'd just put up a fruit and nut one. [Laughter] Also I'm now just — with you saying the fruit and nut, I'm now channeling the start of Flash Gordon. [Laughter] TOM: Oh yeah. 'Hot sultanas! Hot hazelnuts!' 'Most effective, Your Majesty.' 'Fudge sauce.' Just going around trying to catch it all with ice cream. [Laughter] 'Sir, are you destroying the Earth or making a dessert?' Both. Little from Column A, little from Column B. 'But how many will die as a result of this attack?' 'Hundreds-and-thousands.' Yes! You win! Tom, he wins! I feel we've been building towards that moment for the whole episode. Cut. Print. Let's go home. At the end of the show, Gary — congratulations, you win. Er, you've won... You've won a holiday to a French resort with Sulu from Star Trek and the director of Transformers. It's George Takei and Michael Bay's Week Away in Saint-Tropez. [Takei voice] 'Oh my.' Enjoy that! — That's been Matt Gray... — Bye-bye! That's been Gary Brannan... That's been Chris Joel... I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time. That was our show! If you liked it, give us a comment and let us know. And there are more than thirty audio episodes of our reverse trivia podcast over at techdif.co.uk.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we’re playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it’s Chris Joel. Hullo! Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. I-- Let me get the line out, you b******s! And standing in for Matt Gray, stand-up mathematician Matt Parker! Always clear all before an important calculation. In front of me I’ve got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... And today we are talking about the Flip Flap Railway. Ay, ah, hah! - Hmm. Err. Erp. - Wow. Is this... this is where the word “No”... if we had an actual railway tunnel, and there’s a big steam engine coming down the tunnel with the word, “no” written on the front right now. You’ll notice that sometimes I have my hand ready over the ding button here. This is not one of those times. Er, is it a pneumatic railway? ...in the south of England? Am I right? Am I wrong? I'm wrong. He’s wrong. Both flipping and flapping are things railroads should not do. Yes. So this is some kind of disaster... - No, it’s not a disaster. - Oh! If you got on this railway expecting a normal ride, something has gone wrong. Oh, so it’s like a metaphorical railway. Whoa. I was going to go for, like, theme park or something, but I like that better. And you’d have got the point. What might the Flip Flap Railway be? Is it a roller coaster? Yes, you’re absolutely right. Is it one of those scenic railways, the 19th century ones where it would, rather than like a normal rollercoaster now, you’ve got all the bits and bobs underneath exposed, you’d put big panels on and paint an alpine scene. So from a distance it would like you were riding a train up and down mountains and there’s a guy at the back who acts as a brakeman to stop the train. Gaaah! The interesting thing about that is: No. Can I just say-- But you have successfully got several things later on that we were going to talk about, without any questions. So, yes, absolutely. What were those really early rollercoasters called? We’re talking 17th century here. Pushing someone down a hill. Yeah! Yeah, they weren’t called that, but they were giant slides. The first ones were just park benches going down a… There’s one in France somewhere, where literally there was a park bench and you kind of sat on it sideways and then it slid down a hill and it was terrifyingly dangerous. The thing is now when we hear the phrase, “a park bench” we just think of Matt and Tom sliding sideways down a hill on a very poorly fixed one. Yes, there was a gravity track in Paris in 1812. - Gravity track! - Ohhhh... And you said brakeman, this was before that. Before someone thought of stopping the f***ing thing! Are you stuck on them forever? Just falling and falling through eternity like Sisyphus pushing the rock…! Sorry, wrong meeting. Er, no. Well, f***! What, it wasn’t falling through eternity for ever? Really? I’m getting sick of his negative attitude this episode. Push up a hill, drop back down the hill. The very early ones were called Russian Mountains. Oh, I just thought you meant some Russian mountains. Well, this is what they originally were. Russian sled rides on hills of ice that had been constructed. So that’s where the name came from, and they would just... So, up until the point someone went to Russia and saw a mountain that had ice on it, nobody had had the idea of even sitting on a cart and riding down a steep hill? Not specially constructing an ice hill 200 feet tall to slide down. I’ll grant you, that would be difficult in Norfolk. Then you started getting the scenic railways. Now, you talked about brakemen... It’s done with a guy at the back who acts as a brakeman and just puts the brakes on in the right place, rather than any kind of retarding device that you might have on the wheels, like you would now. Oh, brilliant! So if he decides to let it all hang out you get a… Well if it does that on that height, everyone’s seeing it, let’s face it. The brakeman is the opposite of a hype-man. So instead of someone going, “Yeah!” there’s a guy going, “I don’t know.” “Go steady, or I could make this dead boring for you.” You’re right, he is the fun-killer of the roller coaster world isn’t he? “Not that! Too much fun. There we are…” “No, everybody be calm.” There is also something here in America that is an early rollercoaster that is called the Mauch Chunk Switchback Railway. I both trust and utterly distrust that ride. I’m just trying to imagine who thought the word “chunk” was a good word to put... Well, that’s the name of the place where it was. This was a nine mile track. Oh! I don’t know what it is, but we’re going. - Smash cut right now. - Special! Is it just some old railway? It was one of the very first permanent railways in America. Is it like that bit in Indiana Jones 2? Go on, press it! Go on, I saw you go… Yeah, I did, because this is 1827, so what didn’t they have for this railway? Power! Harrison Ford! Just. Lucasfilm special effects. Chris gets the point. Yes, they didn’t have that. Obviously, gravity, they can get cars down, how do they get the cars back up? Gert big men shoving up. Er, you’re close... Whoever’s on the ride next. You say ride. This, to start off with, was just genuinely a railway to move coal. Oh, someone would have managed to sneak onto that. Yes, you’re absolutely right. When there was down-time people would just sneak onto it and ride the cars down, but how do they get the cars back up? I guess it’s not a loaded-car-pulls-down-an-empty-car scenario here? No, no. Levitation. Hosses! Yes! You’re absolutely right, mules. But they would send down enough cars and then they would send down the mules... - In the car? - In the car... - In the car. - That's very good. - They get a ride! - And in fact yes, have a point. - Their little ears… - That’s probably not how they felt about it, Gary. Yeah, but the first time they’re like “what the hell is all this”, we all would be, but then they’d be like, “Fantastic.” They’d be going down and their little ears'd be flapping in the wind, all like that… I think you’ve chronically misunderstood what it is to be a mule, my friend. And there’s a bloke halfway down doing a drawing of it so they can buy it when they get to the bottom as a souvenir of the day. There’s always the smart mule who works out where the etching guy is so they can make a face. I reckon people saw the mules come off going, “they look pretty excited, I’m having a go on that”. That is basically what happened. I don’t think it was the mules there, but it was people going “this is an exciting ride”. “This is fun wasted on mules”, basically. And then someone else went, well, we can charge for this when there’s not enough coal to move. Or mules to play with. Or... Steady. Lonely country town, let's say... That was basically the world’s first roller coaster. Someone sat on the back of one of the mules as it goes down. “This is f***ing awesome!” That is Indiana Jones, just a century too early. Nah, that’s Slim Pickens riding the bomb! Dr Strangelove with a mule in the compartment. Sadly that has now been dismantled. There is a trail there you can walk down, but I imagine that’s not the same. Ironically a trail there you could ride a mule down, which is worse for all concerned, isn’t it? You could, or you could ride a mule down on a little wagon with some wheels. Oh my God, yeah. ...Wagon Wheels? They’re just going to go squishy. They’d overheat and get flat spots! Yes, they’re smaller than they used to be anyway. You can’t trust a marshmallow bearing. Can’t, no. Just overheat and then you’d get decent speed. Jam lubricant's all well and good up to 50mph, but once you go over that... Yeah. You’re looking for a stout marmalade aren’t you? Something fine-cut though. Oh yeah, you don’t want the bits in it. You can’t have a coarse shred, it'll get jammed. Oh absolutely, absolutely. Marmite is your breakfast lubricant of choice isn’t it? Yes, but it burns up quickly. It does and gives off quite the odour. And woe betide the man who uses Branston! For breakfast? Matt, for God’s sake interrupt, you’ve been going like this for about two minutes. Yeah, but I go, “okay, I think they’re finished”, Oh no, there’s more. Yes. No, they’ve peaked now. No, they haven’t… I was just going to say, but then I realised I was going to give actual advice, saying, “use Maltesers as bearings” then went that’s just a practical…. Oh yes, yes, you could have a race couldn’t you? You could have a bearing race! I’ve misunderstood this conversation, yes, yes, if you’re actually going to do it… Yes, Maltesers in. Chocolate finger, Maltesers… What’s the outer race though? Oh, that’s a good point. Doughnut! I’m just going to point out for anyone not in the UK that Wagon Wheels are a type a big chocolate round biscuit, so... - They look a bit like the wheel off a wagon. - They’re awful. If your wagon were about yea-high. No, they’re smaller than that. Yea-high… There we go. So we had the Mauch Chunk Switchback, which is arguably the first rollercoaster… For donkeys. We had the Russian mountains which could also be early roller coasters, that sort of thing. By the point that we had the Flip Flap Railway, there was this idea that you might want to get in a car that careened down a hill. What was the Flip Flap Railway adding to that? Flapping. Flipping. It wasn’t an early attempt to do a loop-the-loop or something? Spot on. - Oh my god. - It was the first loop-the-loop in America. And they got the shape wrong? Yes! Were they lured in by the easy appeal of a nice circle? Yes, they were, would you like to tell us some more about this? Oh, they didn’t think about having a nice, consistent amount of acceleration on their passengers. And I bet they were either passing out or bleeding from the eyeballs by the time… Or both! They’re not mutually exclusive. Those poor donkeys. You see I thought they’d go too slow and it’d get to the top and they’d stop and all the donkeys would fall out. Yes. That’s exactly where I was going next. No, because the problem is, right, the amount pushing you out as you’re turning... I’m going to be very careful here, or physics teachers will email me afterwards. It depends on the rate at which you’re curving, and so to stop people from falling out at the top, because the curvature of a circle is pretty consistent, by the time you get to the top you’ve got to be going bloody fast to have enough force to keep you in your seat. Or the mule. So what you want to actually do is change the rate at which your loop is curving to give you extra force where required. And so you don’t have do it all with speed, you can do it with curvature instead. Whereas they tried to do it all with speed and it didn’t end well. Yes. They tried... I’ve already given you biscuits for that but I feel like a round of applause is required for that thing. No further biscuits will ever be issued. That wins them all, I think. A circle is too big, so they use an ellipse to get you over the top very quickly. How many Gs were they roughly pulling on this “centrifugal railway”, as it was called? Anything above… where does it get painful? It must be over four... I think modern roller coasters you can briefly pull about 5Gs. Which will... So they were probably clipping seven or eight, and that’s going to be very uncomfortable. Yes, it actually pulled 12Gs. Oh my God. Yeah, that’s not good. Not only is it a circular loop, it’s only a 25 foot circular loop. That's...! What were some of the issues with riding this? Your hat would fly off and you would look ungentlemanly at the end. Quite the opposite because if anything your hat is going to be quite stuck to your head. Ah, no, it came off on the little hill down into it, didn’t it? Er, no, discomfort and neck injuries from whiplash. I wouldn’t put discomfort first in that list. “Oh dear...” Discomfort and now I’m like this, yes. What did they test this with, by the way? This is at Sea Lion Park at Coney Island, New York. - Sea lions? - Sea lions! No. Seals! Irons! Okay, not donkeys, not people, not sea lions. Sh... A. N. Other livestock? Monkeys. Of course, the monkeys. Sandbags and monkeys were put down. Sorry! Sandbag... sandbag... “shall we throw some monkeys in while we’re at it?” “Ah, g'wan… they’ll enjoy it, the donkeys did.” Sea Lion Park became Luna Park. Famous names and all that, but the Flip Flap Railway was not retained, why not? Was it killing people, perchance? Because of its unpopularity and reputation, but I will give you the point. It was not something you got on a second time. For one reason or another. No-one got to the end and went, “again!”, y'know? But there is one last legendary theme park I want to talk about. Is it Flamingo Land, in...? No, it is Action Park in New Jersey. Oh God, this is ringing bells and I have absolutely no idea why. Augh! Why might it be legendary, for folks who were kids in the 1980s in New Jersey? Because it killed a million, billion people in their wave pool or something? It hurt a lot of people, certainly. I’ll give you the point for it. So, hang on, wait. Your guess was it killed a million, billion people and you’re like, close enough to “a few people got a bit injured”. Yeah, like, we're... The error bars are pretty big on this show, right? The error bars are massive on this show. Feel free to chuck some ideas in. And the reason I mention this in particular, to do with all the other things we’ve talked about, is that they had the Cannonball Loop. Uh oh. Which is very similar to a few of the things we’ve talked about, with one important difference. In a summer park, in a theme park, what did they have that was a loop-the-loop? They attempted a water-based loop-the-loop. - Yes, they did. - Oh, s***. It was at their water park. How do you do that, isn’t the water just going to fall off at the top? - Yes. - And be a shower? The thing about water is, it follows the laws of physics. Ah. Yes, you are absolutely right. It was a looping waterslide. Not the modern kind, there are a couple of modern looping water-slides, they do an interesting kind of curve that technically takes you over. This was... Circle. That would take off your clothes wouldn’t it? No, the thing about clothes… What, it’s really seductive as you go through the loop... No, but I thought, is that what happens... “I see you’ve come to join me in the loop. “How 'bout we get you out of those wet things?” It would certainly… having had a couple of waterslide incidents, shall we say, moments of unpleasantness... No, it doesn’t take your clothes off. Riders were weighed and hosed down with cold water. What? And then instructed how to position their bodies to complete the ride. No. I’m already not getting on this. You just wanted an excuse to pose, let’s be honest here. It was a laugh. But you get on top of the ride and someone, before you even get on the ride, you’re at a water park. You’re hoping, I assume, to drop into nice, warm, bath-like water at the end. The last thing you want is some bloke with a hose pipe with a little spray gun on the end going, “right, arms up.” They sent some test dummies down first, what were the reports on what happened to them? They didn’t come down in one, is what I’m going to guess. Yes, that’s absolutely right, they were dismembered on the way down. And one unfortunate person at the top of the loop, what happened? Their clothes fell off. Trousers caught on a nail! Just hanging there in space getting showered on. It was a closed loop. It was a closed tube. Oh, they’re in a locked… You know, this is the first one you’ve described where I’m still thinking “I want a go on this”. They got stuck at the top and they had to add a hatch at one point to remove people who got stuck at the top and didn’t want to go down the other side. Yes, because you’re on this surface now, and as you go down you’re going to have that sheer drop. Yes, “shump, clunk, dunk”, carry on. Yes, there had to be “extractions”, as it was put here, which is... not great. So this person got physically stuck as in they were too large? No, they just weren’t going fast enough. Oh my god. Employees were offered $100 to test it and I’m going to quote, “100 bucks did not buy enough booze to drown out that memory.” I’m with Matt, I want a go on this. At the end of the show, congratulations Matt, you win this week. Congratulations. You win a brand new armoured fighting vehicle that is actually an old fighting vehicle just rebooted to look modern. It’s a JJ Abrams tank. Ohhh. So with that we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, and to Matt Parker. I’ve been Tom Scott and we’ll see you next time.
This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. Joining me in the studio today: He reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! [Lapses into gibberish] Good start. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan — Gary Brannan! Coherency! And the bounciest man on the internet — Matt Gray! Hello YouTube. In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right gets a point and a ding [DING], and the special prize for particularly good answers, which is... Today's article is: the flitch of bacon custom. [Laughter] Oh yeah! Good luck with this one, guys. Tell me that's not a person. Tell me that's not a ceremonial position in the House — in Parliament. The Black Rod! The Flitch of Bacon Custom! Oh, excuse me a second... got a flitch of bacon. The flitch of bacon... Is it the custom of the flitch of bacon? TOM: Yes it is. Yeah. Is a flitch an amount, or cut, or volume of bacon? Yes! Have a point. [DING] A unit of bacon measure. It's a fairly thick slab. Right... It's basically what you cut up to make thin rashers of bacon. CHRIS: Right! Okay. So we're actually talking proper bacon, and a size of. TOM: Yes. Is this something like Fish Slapping Dance? ALL: Ohh! With a side o' bacon... Bacon beating! Brannan, if you'd care to mime with me... GARY: Go on. Comme ça? Entire pig. Boom! Into the Thames. Well actually, an entire pig would go, 'OEEEK!' as it comes through there. 'Rodents of Unusual Size? I don't think they exist —' BOOM! Pigs do fly! They do if you stick a jet engine on the top of 'em. Science! [Laughter] 'An experiment was carried out, attaching a small jet engine to —' I think that oversteps the boundaries from technical mirthery to animal cruelty. CHRIS: Pig murder. Where is the boundary there? I think it's the bit where you strapped a jet engine to a pig. To be fair, we could use a dead pig. Just to test the concept. Wait, wait, wait. Heat off jet engine — delicious, delicious bacon! I'm thinking, yeah, we wrap the outside of the pig in some fuel that isn't as noxious as jet fuel, so that when it inevitably crashes... Boomf! Instant bacon. Wait, crackling as well? CHRIS: Instant barbecue, yeah. GARY: The heat you get round the edge of that'll sort the skin out! GARY and MATT: Ohhh. We just need to sneak onto a runway at Heathrow, with, I assume, like, a garden fork with a pig on the end, and we need a military jet with an afterburner. I don't think we really need an afterburner... We just need any kind of burner. A jet engine probably produces enough heat without an afterburner. Eh, I'm going for spectacle, to be honest. The flitch of bacon custom, gentlemen. Okay, we're talking Ye Olde, aren't we. Um... how Ye Olde? Medieval? 14th, 15th century? Yeah, I'll give you that. [DING] It can be traced back to at least the 14th century, survived until about the 18th. Have a point. Is it in this country? TOM: Yes. Very much so. I'm going to say it's one of the wackier parts of this fine nation, am I right? Yes. Are we talking southern, the kind of place where they throw cheese down a hill and chase it, when, to be honest, you can go to any old shop and find still cheese? It's not quite that violent. The thrill of the hunt, old man! [Laughter] It's f***ing cheese! Who wants an Edam that doesn't fight back? I mean, there's someone out there, bless you in Gloucestershire... It is in Gloucestershire, isn't it? It is in Gloucestershire, the cheese-rolling. The cheese-rolling. Someone out there has f***ed their ankle and goes into hospital, and years later: 'How did you break your ankle, Daddy?' 'Well, I was chasing a giant Edam...' or whatever it is. The Gloucestershire cheese-rolling, for anyone who doesn't know, is an event every spring in Gloucestershire where they get a lot of people at the top of a hill, chuck a roll of cheese down, and then everyone just kind of rag-dolls after it. They say you're meant to run down the hill, after about ten seconds... It's less of a run... it's more of a windmill-cum-flailing, isn't it. TOM: Yeah. Who... who wants a placid, tasteless cheese, when you can have one that's run wild and free and developed true taste? Do you do that all the time then? Do you just go to a supermarket, get a Müller Crunch Corner and whang it down a hill because it tastes better? It's how you mature them. CHRIS: Absolutely! [Laughter] By the way, the cheese-rolling thing, for the last few years... can you tell me why it's not quite been as safe as it might have been? Er... the land mines. Yeah, just rolling land mines down. GARY: There was a mix-up. CHRIS: Due to cheese shortages. Chutney explosions. [Explosion sounds] Was it still in the cow? The answer is that it was official until about 2010. Then it got banned on grounds for health and safety, so people just turn up and do it anyway. CHRIS: Wahey! ...only without as much medical support. Oh s***! Good on ya, Gloucestershians! A long time ago, you asked whether it was down south. And... well, sort of. Is it bottom left? Bottom right? There's references to it in Essex... But there's also references to it in Staffordshire, up near Burton-on-Trent. So it's all in the South. Thank you, Yorkshireman. Okay, yes. By Yorkshire standards, it's in the South. The South... where they drink beer wrong and the tea tastes funny. Is it that certain local yeomen of certain standing must donate X much to the local lord from the first cut of bacon of the year or... That's what I was going to go with. No, it's bacon that is given to someone. And to be honest, there's only one person at this table who would be eligible for it right now. Married man? Married man and his partner, yes. Hello! TOM: Have a point. [DING] He did say you've got to be virtuous as well, mate. [Laughter] Hey, hey, hey, now... It's given a year and a day after the wedding... GARY: Cool. To a man and his wife, because this is ancient times and it was a man and I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt wife... GARY: Indeed, yes, yes... ...who can attest to something, after a year and a day. That they've not 'done it'. That they've done it every day! That's grounds for annulment, not a celebration, Gary. TOM: You're closer... Without going over. MATT: They will produce children. It's something to do with the marriage. It's not to do with anything else. It's something they feel about the marriage. Divorce? No, quite the opposite. You get your marriage upgraded to a supermarriage. That's all I can think of! It kind of already is, at this point. You would do it again. You would recommend it to a friend. You redo your vows! I'm going to give Gary the point. [DING] That you don't regret it. That you have never regretted it in that year and a day. If you can testify that you — I'm not going to ask you that question, Gary... but if you can testify that you have never — Well, put it this way: I am due me some bacon! [Laughter] And the other thing is, it's going to get to day 364: 'Yeah, it's been pretty poor, but we want this bacon, don't we love?' 'Yeah.' 'But there is a bit of bacon on the way, so how about we just...' I think we can land the second year on the back of the bacon. GARY: Yeah. The flitch of bacon was actually referred to in a very famous book. Chaucer. Yeah, absolutely right. Referred to in Chaucer. [DING] '...in a way that makes clear the reference would already be well known to the reader.' CHRIS: Ah, okay. TOM: So this is pretty widespread. Did he do a look down the camera and go, 'Y'know what I mean?' It's in the Wife of Bath's prologue. GARY: Is that the one where the nun farts on them? Oh blimey, right. So he probably did look down the camera and go, 'If you know what I mean!' 'The bacon was nat fet for hem, I trowe, That som men han in Essex at Dunmowe.' Which is the place that... TOM: I'm mispronouncing that, obviously, because Chaucer. Good effort, old boy. Good effort. You probably did better than we did. I'd like to point out that I know nothing about Chaucer. I just know, that's an old book, and whenever I say 'Chaucer' I get it right. [Laughter] Yeah. Point, by the way. CHRIS: Chaucer — point! 'And thannen he gaven to him a pointe!' 'And thereof pronounced a ding.' Ding! 'A ding from table woode!' [Laughter] 'And Biscuits of Mysterie, for foode.' We got that. Right. Flitch trials, as they were called — 'Welcome to the 7 O'Clock News. I'm Flitch Trials.' Is that like a witch trial? 'I accuse you of being bacon and I'm going to have to burn you.' The best thing is, he's pointing at a pig when he says that. CHRIS: [Oinks] CHRIS: That was the worst pig... GARY: [Oinks more realistically] Thank you. My pig impression was terrible. TOM: Hold on! Gary Brannan impressions: Pig. GARY: [Oinks] TOM: Goose. GARY: [Honks] TOM: Train. GARY: [Two-tone horn] Goose on a train? [Horn and roaring engine] Thank you. That's not getting old, for some reason. I love the way that the goose is never just sat on the train, it always ends up... ...on the train. [Laughter] Well, you said 'on'. You didn't say in what state. There's a lovely old thing in linguistics, about mass and count nouns, the difference between them. 'There was A goose on the train' versus 'There was goose on the train'. Yes. The worst thing is, he's talking about the copilot from Top Gun. What are you required to bring along to a flitch trial to prove that — Applesauce. Fair point. Better question: No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt are you required to produce? Vicar. TOM: Not quite. Your mum. Oh yeah. Your best man, or something like that. MATT: Your wife. CHRIS: Witnesses of some species. Yup. GARY: Neighbours. Point. [DING] Two of your neighbours to prove that the oath is true. Yeah, prove that they haven't had any rows. Yeah. That't probably work quite well, actually. Well, in a lot of these kind of cases, working as I do with these kind of things to do with — Gonna say, can we get an archivist shout here? Yeah, in a lot of these kind of non-consummation cases or adultery, a lot of the evidence comes from neighbours, who have obviously been peeping out the back window and going, 'Ooh, that's not the missus.' So assuming you win the flitch of bacon... What happens? You get the bacon, and then...? Feast for friends and family! A grand ceremony. [DING] With 'trompets, tabourets, and other manoir of mynstralcie'. That's what you'd expect, I'd imagine, for that kind of size of thing? But you'd be doing that a lot. I was going to say, there's a lot of weddings we're talking about here. Have we just got pigs and pigs and pigs, and minstrels knackered from playing every day? Well, this is the thing. It doesn't seem to have been claimed all that often. Oh, it's one of these things that's on the books but you've got to ask for it, right? TOM: Yup. CHRIS: Yeah. How many times is the famous flitch at Dunmow known to have been claimed? I'm going to say really low, like four or five or something like that. MATT: Fifteen. I'm going to split the difference and say nine. I'm going to give Gary the point. Six. Really. Six that we know about. [DING] When was it repealed? Um, it sort of fell apart in the 15th, 16th century dissolution of the monasteries around then. GARY: Okay, yeah. But it was revived in Victorian times, of course. Natch. In their quest for anything Ye Olde to legitimize everything. TOM and CHRIS: Yup. Can you still do it now? I'm going to say... Probably. I don't know, maybe if you pay for the bacon or something like that, I can see. I could just go to the butcher's and pay for bacon. No, but you know what I mean. You can have the ceremony, but you must purchase a flitch of bacon. CHRIS: Yeah. You can actually go every four years. Once every four years, every leap year in Dunmow, there is the Dunmow Flitch Trials Committee... Like it. TOM: Complete with jury. Next one's in 2016. If it was me, I would be trying to plan my wedding then, so I could claim the bacon. To land it on... I've now looked up the official one here... The next one will be on the 9th of July, 2016, because there is a website, of course, for the Dunmow Flitch Trials. GARY: Natch. CHRIS: Yeah. There is a list of the successful claimants going all the way back to 1445... Good work. And they've also awarded flitches to a couple of couples. Who might that be? Charles and Diana. Point. [DING] In fact... Charles and Diana got the flitch... Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson just got a copy of the Flitch Oath. What's the Flitch Oath? 'I pledge allegiance to this bacon what you have given me. Ta.' 'In a twelve months time and a day / Repented not in thought in any way'. Ohhh. Which is actually a fairly strong oath to take. GARY: Yeah, that is, yeah. You've never, ever wandered at any point during that year and a day. Don't forget the medieval fear of Hell and Church and damnation and everything else there, yeah. Yes. That's actually a serious oath to take. So you can still do it, if any one of us got married at some point in 2015... And that is about all there is to it. So it does continue. They have patrons who are providing the bacon, and making sure it continues, and is one of these ridiculous — Bacon patrons! We salute you, butchers! ...ridiculous British traditions that continues on to this day. Good! At the end of the show, congratulations Gary, you win... YES! You win a gift certificate for the shop owned by a Treasure Hunt skyrunner, which sells small rodents, pests that live in hair, and adult magazines. It's Mice, Lice and Vice by Anneka Rice. So enjoy that gift certificate. I'm starting to run out of these jokes, do suggest some more... That one was good! It just built and built and built. So no, no. Respect. TOM: In the meantime, thank you to Chris Joel... TOM: To Gary Brannan... TOM: To Matt Gray... MATT: Bye! I've been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. Today's show is sponsored by the new STI board game... Hungry Hungry Herpes. ...It's the tune that Blur did that landed on Mars with Beagle 2. It didn't land — well, it did land! It landed! It landed at high velocity! Downwards. I know there's a thin line between 'landing' and 'impact', but... I tell that to the wife all the time. The one thing I do know about Wolverhampton, they've got battered chips. Oooh. Eh? Two very different reactions there. I went, [Disappointed] 'Ohh.' Matt went, 'Yep, yep, I'll have that.' Yeah. I'm with Matt on this.
So let's say it is 1908. You need a lighthouse somewhere. But, there aren't any rocks to put it on. There's just dangerous shores and shoals. The solution nowadays would be to build a large tower, anchor it to the sea bed, but 1908? The technology wasn't there, so the result is this: The Ambrose. This is Mike Weiss, he's the waterfront foreman at the South Street Seaport Museum. Tell me about the Ambrose. -It's a floating lighthouse. This ship is a lightouse. So she'd sit out in the channel, twelve crew at a time, all weathers that came through. In the middle of winter, it was freezing cold, snow on deck or it's hurricane season, or there's massive waves coming through, storms, heavy fog... -And she has to stay there with the light on, no matter what? -Yes, she must hold her place, she must keep her station. -So there's a heck of an anchor on this thing, presumably? -Yes, she's fitted with two mushroom anchors. She'd use one at a time unless things got really bad, I'd imagine, but they're each 5000lbs. [~2200kg] It sat there in the channel, and ships would aim for it, now that isn't always a good thing, though -I was going to say, that sounds dangerous! -You're sort of a sitting duck sometimes. -Yeah, because a lighthouse is on rocks, you'll hit the rocks... -Right so you'd aim for this area near the lighthouse. But, here, ships sometimes, especially in fog, there's always the very serious risk that they will run into the lightship that was at station there. -So this ship saved lives? In a time where you couldn't put a lighthouse down, you couldn't put anything solid to the seabed, there wasn't the technology, This ship saved lives? -Oh, without question, absolutely saved lives. -So the lightship Ambrose, one of very few lightships remaining in the United States, and in the world. Something that not just saved lives, but made this port city possible. Something you might not have known. Thank you very much to the South Street Seaport Museum Their staff and volunteers are preserving a load of historic ships if you're visiting New York do stop by, and if you're living in New York, they could always use some volunteers. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Here at the Eden Project, in the world’s largest rainforest in captivity, one plant has been storing up its energy for years and years and years, and it’s just finishing releasing all that in one disgusting 48-hour period. This is a corpse flower, and it smells like death. It's a bit like a dead rat, mixed with rotten fish. Some people describe it like a bin that hasn't been cleaned out for maybe two or three weeks. It's the smell of decay. These plants use flies and beetles the way many plants use bees: for pollination. The smell of death: that's very attractive to flies and beetles looking for somewhere to lay eggs. These bloom only after it's managed to store enough energy, and that can take anywhere between 7 and 10 years. Titan arums bloom for just 48 hours. On the first night, it can only receive pollen. The second night, it releases pollen. It cannot self-pollinate. Over time, evolution will move species towards strategies with the greatest chance of reproductive success. And on the face of it, the corpse flower’s strategy doesn't seem that good: just 48 hours every few years. I mean, surely a better idea would be reproduce as often as possible. And there are a lot of plants that do that, as anyone with hay fever knows. But there is another possible strategy: store up energy for years and years and years, and then burn it all in a couple of nights to send out a mating call so big that everyone can smell it for miles. It uses heat to make the smell travel further. These plants are thermogenic. They create their own heat. And they go up to around body temperature. It's able to send its scent way up above the canopy layer of the rainforest, where it can catch a breeze. And then insects can smell one of these in bloom over 3,000 metres away. It's the same temperature as a dying animal, and the smell is of rotting flesh. And -- if you come in here -- this colour, we normally see in the butchers'. This is the colour of flesh. So by many ways, it's trying to lure in those flies and beetles, thinking that they've found a corpse. Which does just leave us with the question of the smell. Now, I got here a few hours too late, it's apparently past its worst, but... ...yeah. Yeah, okay. That's bad! That's... Thank you very much to the Eden Project for inviting me here! They’ve got a YouTube channel you can check out, and they are open year round in Cornwall, in the south west of England. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Today’s guest video is from Amy at Vintage Space, who has brought along one of the greatest and also the tiniest props that I have ever seen Amy, it’s all yours. One of the benefits to being a professional space history nerd is you get to add some amazing artefacts to your private collection. My latest addition is this tiny piece of Kapton foil from Apollo 11. This tiny piece of foil went to the moon and came back through the earth’s atmosphere to be put on to this piece of paper, so I can hang it on my wall. But if you look closely at the piece, you’ll notice that it’s sort of silvery and it looks like it’s been scratched off and there’s gold underneath. So, what’s going on with this piece of foil? What exactly was that silvery stuff? And the larger question is, why does the Apollo spacecraft look white when it launches, silver when it’s around the moon, and a dirty gold once it’s come back to earth? Well, it’s all part of the thermal protection system. Thermal protection was a huge engineering challenge for the men and woman who designed and built the Apollo spacecraft. Not only was the vehicle going to be flying through the vacuum of space where it would be exposed to raw, unfiltered sunlight and also in the shadow behind the moon, where there would be no light hitting it at all: it also had to return through the earth’s atmosphere at lunar re-entry speeds. This is an insanely fast re-entry through the earth’s atmosphere. In the case of Apollo, this re-entry speed was 24,677 miles per hour or 36,194 feet per second. That translated to a heat during re-entry of over 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit. That meant the Apollo spacecraft was going to need a very specific thermal protection system to not only get the spacecraft through the earth’s atmosphere in one piece, but to protect the three astronauts inside it. The thermal protection system actually involved a number of different elements. First was the boost protective cover. This is the white covering that fits over the command module that you see as being white when the spacecraft has made it to its launch vehicle on the launch pad, ready to go to the moon. This protected the spacecraft from the heat associated with launching through the atmosphere, but it didn’t last very long. The boost protective cover was separated from the spacecraft when the launch escape tower jettisoned 200 seconds after launch. Once the boost protective cover was clear, the spacecraft looked silver. That’s because the entire Apollo command module was covered with a pressure sensitive Kapton polyimide tape. This tape was made of coded aluminium and oxidized silicon monoxide. The tape was applied to the entire external structure of the command module with the gold side down and the silver side facing out. That’s why, when you see pictures of the Apollo spacecraft in orbit around the moon, it looks like it’s reflecting space in a mirror. It’s beautiful. Now, when it came time for the Apollo spacecraft to re-enter the atmosphere, this Kapton tape wasn’t exactly enough to protect it from the searing heats of re-entry and it wasn’t designed to. The Apollo spacecraft, like the Mercury and Gemini vehicles before it, was a blunt body design. It had a rounded bottom and a conical after body, designed to minimize convective heating during re-entry. The centre of gravity in the vehicle was also offset from the axis of symmetry in order to generate a very small amount of lift. This meant that the spacecraft had a little bit of controllability during re-entry. So, the blunt underside of the spacecraft was taking the brunt of the heat and that was where the last piece of the thermal protective system was housed. That of course is the ablative heat shield. The heat shield was a honeycomb structure bonded to the stainless-steel body of the spacecraft and each little honeycomb was individually filled with an ablative material that would burn away as it was heated thus protecting the spacecraft from the worst of heat of re-entry. But, the heat shield and the bow shock generated by that blunt body of re-entry couldn’t entirely protect the outer structure of the spacecraft. As it went through that fireball phase of re-entry the Kapton was burned away a little bit, revealing the golden underside of the tape. But how is it that I’m able to actually own a piece of the Apollo 11 spacecraft? Well, it turns out that recovery crews and pretty much anybody who could get within arm’s reach of the spacecraft, and this doesn’t just go for Apollo 11, this applies to all the vehicles that went to the moon, they would reach up and just take off a tiny piece of that foil as a souvenir. So, even if at first glance it looks like a tiny insignificant dime-sized portion of foil, it’s actually amazing to think that that little dime-sized piece of foil helped to protect the Apollo 11 astronauts on the way to the moon and their re-entry back through the earth’s atmosphere. Go subscribe to Amy’s channel for all sorts of videos about space flight! I would recommend starting with her one on how the Saturn V got to the launch pad. Next time, we have a video about linguistics and music all in one.
In this experiment we're trying to make the format up as we go along. Like we don't do that anyway. And if you haven't watched the previous experiment, you won't know that this one's filmed in a kitchen. Hello, mum! ♫ I've just sat on myself... ♫ Those are loose shorts, Matt, it was going to happen. This is the Technical Difficulties and we are looking for a new format. It is traditional for a British panel show to be named after a common turn of phrase. Would I Lie To You, Have I Got News For You, Never Mind the Buzzcocks. So in front of me, I have got a new dictionary of idioms and of turns of phrase. We're going to pick them at random, we're going to come up with a format. "This is how television is made." Yes, it is, someone say 'Stop.' Stop. "To the nth degree." Jokes continued ad nauseam until they arrive at the cutting room floor. The last person to make a joke that doesn't have to go on the cutting room floor has reached the nth legitimate degree. Oh! That's me f*****. You all take it in turns to go around your local town wherever you are today, to find the person with the most academic qualifications. Oh! Yes, with a special final in Oxford. Or you have to row against them. "These clever people in one boat, these other clever people in another. "Who is the cleverest? And fastest? "This is the Nth Degree." Oh, I love that because instead of shouting 'Row, row', or whatever the cox is shouting, they're actually just shouting questions about really in depth academic subjects. And as they row, they're having to shout the answers back. But where do we get a second Jeremy Paxman? But as a handicap for their rowing, they are rotated to an nth degree. Oh! And they have to… -you can't row diagonally, can you? -No. It depends how big the river is, fair's fair. -Yeah, but the boat's still going straight. -Oh, you mean the people are sat diagonally? No, I meant the boat, but that doesn't how boats is. So if you get… 'That doesn't how boats is.' I feel like I want to frame that. That doesn't how boats is. It's kind of like one of those old Victorian ladies' samplers, isn't it? It's the embroidery on the bottom. Instead of some religious aphorism, "That doesn't how boats is." "That's very true, Mildred, very true." Can you just imagine Jeremy Paxman's face as he's loaded into a coracle in the middle of a river? I can now just see him just like clamped in something, being lowered on really magisterially. I was thinking like a crane just dropping... "Release the Jeremy." But we need a psychic in with him so then you can have a coracle oracle. -Oh! -Well, you can have her off… Bonus round. Her off Dictionary Corner on Countdown can be the coracle oracle. -Susie Dent? -Susie Dent, yes. Susie Dent's Coracle Oracle. 'Hello, Mulhern, are you still there?' What is it with you and Stephen Mulhern? And do we not already have enough presenters on this format? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, someone's got to stand at the bank and question the coracle oracle Jeremy questions... Yeah, that's true, we've got question people for the team, we've not got someone leading this imbroglio. Yes. I'm sorry, and if Jeremy Vine's involved, there's got to be some kind of blue screen swingometer and he's got to perform... That shows the nth degree! The format works. What if this gets commissioned but not with enough budget to afford any of the people we have mentioned? Stephen Mulhern. Find me two people called Jeremy? Jeremy Edwards. Jeremy Corbyn. "And now, on Name Jeremys..." Ladies and gentlemen, Matt's last joke was cut, which means we've reached the nth degree and he wins. Hey! Someone say stop. Stop. Our next show is 'How are the mighty fallen.' Skydiving contest. Oh, yes, Olympians in skydiving. It's like the jump. Which has now been cancelled because presumably it has injured every celebrity. Whoa, whoa, whoa, every celebrity available. For that budget. -Yeah, fair. -How the mighty have fallen, so it's skydiving. But who do you get to be the contestants on it? It's all the washed up celebrities who are the mighty fallen. The mighty fallen. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Just go full meta. With no training, the winner is the one who lives. Ooh! Oh, s***. Oh. Here's the plane, best of luck, one of them has got a Bugs Bunny comedy anvil, one's full of cutlery, one's got a spare tyre in it, none of you get any training. Does one have a parachute, can we just confirm? -Oh, no, several of them have parachutes. -It's not, you know, offing people. But you can put it upside down, you know, just nothing. So you can have… Ladies and gentlemen, Matt's joke was again cut, so he has again, won the nth degree. Somebody say stop. Stop. Break the ice. Now, every time we've done this so far, it has involved some kind of physical stunt thing, which is not really a panel show. Okay, well, this is quite easy, this is one where you get a bunch of ever so slightly socially awkward people in a room and tell them to make friends. -Oh! -I'm thinking a gentle BBC 4 one that involves conversation and bon mots. But with a selection of crap conversation openers so you have to use the one you're given. And you have to be drinking a Martini even if you're not a drinker. Nervously sipping a Martini. Yeah. Tonight to break the ice, Geoff has been given… If you finish your Martini through nervousness before the other person smiles... Yes. And there's one in there that's the sort of the joker in the pack that just says, 'Your opinions on Brexit.' So I have a list of conversation starters that have been called up here. So is anyone here not good at, like, a room full of entire strangers. -Yes. -Right. The four of us. I can do room but I can't do one-on-one. Alright. No, I could pesent. Rumours. In which case you can open with the line, 'What do you fear is hiding in the dark?' Oh! Oh! Holy s***! That is a conversation starter according to this. I'm sorry, but at that point with the Martini, you're actually onto a winner. "What do you fear is hiding in the dark?" You've just gone straight Roger Moore. "I'm fertile." -Gary's just turned this into speed dating. -Yeah. But we have proof that you're fertile. -That's true actually, yeah. -Of the four of us. Fact batteries! Certified... And with that joke, Gary has won the nth degree. -Someone say stop. -Stop. Dead cat bounce. What? How is … where is that idiom from? A dead cat bounce is where a financial market's crashed. But then there's a tiny little bounce afterwards as it slightly over-corrects. -That's called a dead cat bounce. -Dead cat bounce because a dead cat probably would just go up and go. "Even a dead cat will bounce if you drop it from a great height." Well, it will if you fill it full of rubber balls. And we're drifting back into physical challenges. Get a load of vets in a room and get them to tell their worst story. Oh! And Matt has points. Gonna have to censor all these jokes. I love the way we've gone meta on the meta proposal. No, I love this, we have actually invented quite a good gag list, just all the punchlines don't actually make it to the final edit. Yeah, nth degree. It's just us laughing at ourselves and we don't know why. Yeah, someone say stop. Stop. Richard III. How is that an idiom? On phrases and sayings, yes, it means 'turd'. It does mean that is a... yes, it does, it does. Could it be, I know we're trying to move away from the physical bit, but it could be a case where someone hides in Leicester for a long time? Is it one where someone has to find a horse? And you get a kingdom if you do? Yes. Who's playing Richard III? I don't know but it sounds like he needs some Strepsils. Hoarse. That works one, for the explanation and two, for the exasperation. I know I'm doing it wrong when you're the one saying stop. -That was wonderful. -Stop. Burn the candle at both ends. I'm getting task based again, because it's the easiest thing to think of. You're given a clue as to what the task is, there are two people, they have to guess what the task is and they both have to do a… -Oh, whoever gets the… -One does the beginning, one does the end and then they meet in the middle and if they match… Oh, like the Channel Tunnel? Yes, but they have to guess that it's the Channel Tunnel that they’re making as well, because you might… You've got a board in the middle and you've got to draw a thing and you're given a clue as to what the thing is. You draw half the thing and the other person draws the other half of the thing. How well it lines up and whether the same thing... Yeah, and you get two different things. Oh, have you got any paper? Halten Sie! All you have to do is draw a horse. Gary, you've got the left hand side of the picture. Matt, you've got the right hand side of the picture. We're going to match them up, we're going to see what happens. -Yes. -We'll be back in a minute. The hardest thing to draw. Of course I picked the hardest thing to draw! Let's see if I can draw... a horse. Now, you'll notice, Chris, that I said left hand side and right hand side. Yeah, I did. I didn't imply which way the horse is facing at all. No, I have … I have high hopes. I'm going to say, for the one with two arses, actually. Two heads, quite funny, double bum horse... What does a horse look like? It's... a cow with aspirations. Now, ideally of course they'd be doing this with a couple of cameras on the drawings. -Yes. -And the audience would be giggling. I think we've found a round for something here. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, this is fantastic. Five, four... -What else is on a horse? -Three... -What does a horse have? -Two, one... Right, please close your paper now. If you want to put it in front of the camera, Matt. And now reveal. Well, that is… And what I love is that you have roughly got a horse that matches up there. The question is, I'm going to call Matt's half the back, why has it got a Thomas the Tank Engine strap-on plastic face on its tail? Leicester's over there...! I mean the thing is, Matt, that actually looks more like a horse's arse. I am going to award you both five points, for a very vaguely plausible horse with a really weird tail, -that's pretty good. -It's got a face! What is that about? Well, that's the front. - What I love is that just here... - That's the front?! That looks like the back bit of a horse. That looks like the back of a horse. Have I got the horse's legs the wrong way around? -Yes! -Yes! That's astonishing. -And I started by saying 'what is a horse'. -Yeah. You accidentally, by drawing the front of a horse, drew a horse's arse. -I mean that's impressive. -A horse's arse wearing a mask. Actually, that would be really good in battle 'cause you wouldn't know if the horse was coming or going, would you? -Hey! -Running towards you, or going away. Somebody say stop. Stop. Is the Pope Catholic? That's where, live from the Vatican, a panel interrogates a papal candidate, and their knowledge of scripture and liturgy, while a bear s***s in the woods outside. So You Think You Can Pope? Which runs alongside the bear version of that, So You Think You Can Poop. Hey! Which will happen first, s****ing bear or knowledgeable pontiff? We're here to find out. We will see the white smoke rising from this cubicle -or the brown... -Or the steam... The steam from this small copse. Tonight on the Pope Factor. Pope Idol. Hey! How did I miss that? You shouldn't worship false idols, but Simon Cowell's here to find a real one. You'd have to design the set carefully because of all the people walking diagonally. Get out. Get out. Going for the easy bishop joke there. -Last one, somebody say stop. -Stop. The tale wagging the dog. Well, this is some kind of Pets Win Prizes affair, obviously. Oh, I was going to say it was … you're given a phrase and you have to, backwards what it means, sort of like what we're doing. That is basically our reverse trivia thing, isn't it? Yes. But with, rather than facts, like names and phrases, you make your own apocryphal-ness. -Ooh, that's nice. -Oh, yeah. Make an apocryphal tale behind a thing that doesn’t actually exist. Isn't that Call My Bluff? -I mean, yes. -Give or take. But there's no new ideas in the universe anyway. -Only seven plots. -And that's why we're doing this. And-- And that last joke from me was beyond the nth degree, so it has been edited out. So that's a point to me, one point to Gary and two points to Matt, who wins the nth degree today. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott and we're never doing that again.
This is the Ilulissat Icefjord. Miles upstream, behind millions of tons of floating ice, is the Jakobshavn Glacier. And if the Greenland ice sheet melts, a good bit of the water will be coming down this way. But a glacier isn’t a solid thing, it’s not some monolithic block of ice that’s steadily melting. Glaciers flow. It’s a really counterintuitive concept, because most of the world is used to thinking of ice in terms of frozen lakes, where the ice isn’t going anywhere. And let's be honest, this doesn’t look like it’s moving. But glaciers aren’t static: they gain mass by having snow fall on them, and they lose mass by a process called calving: the front falls off and generates a stream of icebergs like this. Like a river, the glacier flows downhill. And the Jakobshavn glacier is one of the fastest and most productive in the world: at the terminus, where the front falls off, it can move at 20 metres a day. And remember, that doesn’t mean the front of the ice is moving towards us at 20 metres a day, just that on average, the front bit of the ice is moving at that speed when it falls off and forms these icebergs. If a glacier is gaining mass, it will steadily advance, spreading out into the sea beyond until enough of the front falls off that it reaches equilibrium. And if it’s losing mass, because there’s not enough snow, or because it’s melting more quickly, it will steadily retreat. Remember, that’s not ice actually going into reverse, it’s still flowing the same, it’s just that the point where the front falls off is moving backwards. It's still producing icebergs. And the Jakobshavn glacier there? It produces a lot of icebergs. There’s a decent chance that the one that sank the Titanic came down here. Now, I don’t want to debate climate change. Some very shrill people in the comments probably will though, so I’ll say this: sure, the data is noisy. From the 1960s to 2000, the actual front of the glacier here barely moved — and then in ten years, it retreated about the same amount as it had in the entire 20th century. But climate change is about trends, not events, and if you don’t believe the enormous mountain of evidence by now, then someone with no earth science credentials talking into a camera in the Arctic isn’t going to convince you either. And part of the reason for that is that it’s difficult to get across the sheer scale of what I’m seeing here. The camera can’t show you it. Even standing here in person, my brain is refusing to accept just how massive everything is. And we're only seeing the 10, 20% of these above water. Some glaciers will produce blocks of ice literally the size of Manhattan. And yes, they’ll break up, yes, they’ll settle down to be something we’re more used to, but like so many processes on our planet, this is on a scale that is pretty much unimaginable to humans. It’s no wonder that the details of climate change are difficult to understand: I’m standing here, watching the ice slowly flow, and I still can’t get my head around this. I'm here with Chris Hadfield's Generator Arctic, and so's she! Hello! That's Elmo Keep, she's writing wonderful profiles of some of the people we meet out here. Follow her on Twitter to see when they're published. Goodbye!
This is the town of Staufen, near the Black Forest in south-west Germany. And as you walk around, it looks like a normal German town with one strange addition. Up on some buildings, there is a big fake piece of sticky tape with a slogan that translates as "Staufen must not fall apart". Unfortunately, it's a bit late for that. The government here tried to bore for geothermic energy and they bored, in total, seven boreholes right behind the town hall. Underneath of Staufen is a big layer of anhydrite and underneath that is a layer of groundwater in a confined aquifer. The pressurised groundwater went into the layer of anhydrite and formed gypsum which expands by about 50%. Unfortunately, that means that the ground is expanding, bulging up, and forming cracks in almost every single house that's standing here. It took two weeks for the first cracks to appear. In the decades since the drilling operation the town hall has risen more than half a metre and moved sideways by about the same amount. And that might not sound like much, and yes, if everything had shifted evenly it might not even be a problem. The trouble is that different parts of each building have shifted by slightly different amounts. Modern buildings couldn't cope with that, and that town hall was built in 1546. The result is cracking. There's water from this confined aquifer that's pushing up the boreholes. And what they are trying to do is get the water out, get the pressure down from the confined aquifer so that it doesn't even want to go up those holes anymore. So they are pumping at a speed of around a litre per second. The swelling started with about a centimetre per month, now it's down to about a millimetre per month. But it's still swelling, and even a millimetre is still way too much for every house. Theoretically, they can stop it, but you cannot just plug it like a bathtub. It's not a single plane. It's more three dimensional, so in reality you would need a big, big plug and you don't even know where it exactly is. The drilling company settled out of court for more than €1m, but the cost of the damage here is estimated at more than 50 times that. And there are eight other German towns with similar problems. Geothermal drilling was popular and not massively regulated. And while the industry and the country have learned from those mistakes, for this town that knowledge comes a little too late. Thank you very much to Constantijn Crijnen, he suggested this video in the first place. He also has his own YouTube channel where he's building a 3D printer from scratch, go check him out.
The city of Tokyo is built around and over rivers. When you travel around here, it is striking just how often you cross water. And from up above, you can see this whole area is flat, low-lying coastal land. Some parts of Tokyo even sit below sea level. They've sunk because of decades of pumping out groundwater. The two and a half million people in those low-lying areas are protected by a network of flood gates and aging levees, which'll be fine unless sea levels rise. But even inland, a huge part of this megacity is built in river basins and flood plains. And as the climate breaks down, rain storms here are getting more intense and more frequent. If you want to prevent river flooding, or drain neighbourhoods that are starting to flood: where do you put the water? If you pump it out of that neighbourhood, you're likely just moving the flood next door. The best plan would, in theory, be to pump the floodwater all the way to the ocean, or at least to a tidal river that can deal with it. But for that, you would need tunnels and buffer tanks on an almost unimaginable scale. Now, despite what some breathless blog posts might claim, the whole metropolis doesn’t have that. But there is one place, about an hour north of the centre of Tokyo, that does. This is the Metropolitan Area Outer Underground Discharge Channel, or at least, one part of it: the holding tank. It is almost impossible to convey the scale of this on camera. [IN JAPANESE:] If the Otoshifurutone and Naka rivers start to flood, this is where the water will drain to. Actually, where the water is sort-of still draining to. There was a massive rainstorm about two days ago, and there is still water in the system. I am not allowed down on the floor, just in case. [IN JAPANESE:] This tank, and the kilometres of tunnels and all the silos that bring water to it, cost nearly a quarter of a trillion yen, that's about two billion US dollars, at the end of the 20th century. That was when the Japanese government was spending money to finance enormous infrastructure projects like this, to try and stimulate the economy. Which, for long-term security, is great: but it took a national recession to make this happen. A plan like this only works if a government wants to spend a colossal amount of money, and in the 21st century, there aren't many governments willing to do that. Thank you to all the team here for letting me down in the tank, and up on these catwalks. You can find out more about them and their work at the link in the description. Echo! [echoes continue and fade] That goes for a long time.
It's not often that you see a gravestone with a correction on it. But then, it's not often that you find a story as strange as this one. I'm just outside Huelva, in southern Spain, and a little distance away is the grave of the Man Who Never Was. In 1943, as the Second World War raged on, the body of Major William Martin, of the British Royal Marines, was discovered floating off the coast here. Chained to him was a briefcase, and in it: a letter with details about the Allied armies' plans to attack Greece across the Mediterranean Sea. It wasn't 'here are all our secret war plans', but it was close; it was a friendly letter between generals that gave away all the necessary details. British Intelligence raced to recover the briefcase before German spies could look through it, but they were too late. Yes, Britain got its documents back: but not before a copy of them was on its way to Hitler, who then moved huge numbers of troops, tanks and boats to Greece, ready to repel the British attack. Hitler was probably quite surprised, then, when the Allies attacked Sicily, off the southern coast of Italy, and not Greece. And won, with a fraction of the losses that they could have suffered. There never was any Major William Martin. He was fictional. But there was a man called Glyndwr Michael. He was a Welshman in London in World War 2, homeless, penniless, friendless. He died on the streets after eating poison; perhaps deliberately, perhaps by desperately eating food that was left out for rats. We'll never know. According to official records, his body was "removed out of England", and well, that's true: his body was held in a mortuary for a while, then dressed in the correct uniform and given painstakingly forged personal documents: a receipt for a wedding ring, a photo and love letter from a fiancée, a bus ticket, some keys, some other paperwork. Then the body was put onboard a submarine which sailed to the coast of Spain. And quietly, on a dark night in April 1943, the boat's crew let the body drift with the currents. The plan was called, rather gruesomely, Operation Mincemeat. British Intelligence had chosen their target well. Spain had plenty of German spies, and the Spanish head of intelligence was the sort of man who would claim the discovery as his own, and then travel to Berlin to deliver copies personally, and perhaps even embellish the story of how it was found to make himself look better and the tip a bit seem more credible. Which he did. And of course, all the desperate British efforts to recover the documents were a sham. And by 1943, the team at Bletchley Park had cracked the Enigma cypher and were listening to German communications: less than a month after Glyndwr's body had been released, the codebreakers intercepted a signal that showed that the scheme had worked perfectly. Britain took Sicily, used it as a beachhead to get to Italy, and German war plans were in tatters. Major Martin, by then, had been buried with full military honours and an appropriate gravestone. The truth was still top secret. It wasn't until decades later that his real identity was revealed: and so the grave was corrected. Glyndwr Michael, served as Major William Martin. Rest in peace.
This is launch pad 39, at the Kennedy Space Center! This is where all the Apollo missions launched from. This is where more than 50 Space Shuttle missions launched from. This pad here, this is the flame trench where all the, the steam generated and the fire generated by those rockets comes out uhm I I am just uh astonished to be standing here in this place and here is something you might not know The difficulty with getting to orbit is not just the altitude it's mainly the speed If you want to go to orbit Then you have to go 15 thousand miles an hour if you're going up to International Space Station height 15 thousand miles an hour That's what most of that fuel goes on If you don't have that speed then you're going to go up... ...and you're going to come straight back down If you can't go fast enough to dodge the curvature of the Earth Then you're just going to come straight back down. The energy budget isn't just on altitude, it's on speed. It goes from chemical energy in the rocket To kinetic energy as it flies and goes across And then burns it off as heat and friction as it plunges back down into the atmosphere. If you're just falling through the atmosphere you don't burn up but if you're going 15 thousand miles per hour plunging into it and using it as drag to stop then, you get the trouble with burning up on reentry. So there you go the problem with orbit is not altitude but speed. And that is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] And that's that shot gone.
I'm on the Swanscombe peninsula, a few miles east of London, on the south bank of the Thames. And this is notable for a couple of reasons I mean, it just looks like a desolate brownfield site and I guess it is. But it's also the warmest point in the UK. Officially. Seriously. I mean, not right now; it's the middle of December, but all the record temperatures that have ever been recorded in the UK, the famous 38°C, 101°F, that was once recorded came from that weather station behind me. It's an official Met Office weather station. If you have a look online, you'll see that meteorologists are having a bit of a debate about it. Weather stations like that, the official ones, behind a Stevenson screen, as they're called, are meant to filter out any kind of external influence. They're not meant to be in the middle of a microclimate for proper temperature records. Well, there's some debate that this is. It's surrounded by earth on three sides, there's industrial activity, docks, and a sewage plant, all of which could raise the temperature. And, well, there's a Port of London Authority radar next to it, and if you believe the conspiracy theorists online, and say "They've caught the Met Office in a lie, that radar could be warming up the sensors" Obviously, it's not, but, nevertheless there's some question as to whether this is actually the warmest site in Gravesend, as it's known. Or, whether they've just put the weather station in a slightly wrong place. But there's something more important about this site. This whole area, this whole peninsula, it doesn't look big on a map but I've just spent a muddy mile and a bit walking here, and yeah... it's big, because this will be the site, if all goes well, of the coming Paramount London theme park, the one that, this week, announced it's signed a deal with the BBC in order to license Top Gear, Doctor Who, and a load of other TV shows. So, in 5-6 years' time, I might be walking down here on a nicely paved path, with people screaming as they ride rollercoasters and laughing as they have a go on the TARDIS. It's going to be quite different in 5 or 6 years' time if it all goes well, and this weather station will probably have to be moved. So, if the temperature in London seems to drop officially in a few years' time, perhaps it has, or, more likely, perhaps they've moved this weather station to make way for The Doctor. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I've talked about containerization on this channel before, but this video is different because it includes the phrase "hundred-tonne autonomous robots". New Zealand is a long way from almost everywhere else on the planet. Humans only reached here about 700 years ago. If you look at a globe of the earth, in almost every direction for thousands of miles there's nothing but ocean. Which means that the Ports of Auckland here and the other ports like it all around the country are vital to keeping New Zealand running. - Well the fantastic thing about the Ports of Auckland is that we're right in the middle of the city, but the downside of that is that we're quite constrained. We're not in the sixties when you could just pave over everything and build out into the harbour. We can't expand anymore, so we've got a fixed footprint, not so great when your city's growing at a massive rate of knots. When your get your head around the fact that you can't do the old fashioned things like just keep reclaiming land, it becomes quite an exciting challenge. How do we put the maximum number of containers through this little plot of land? - Like every other major port in the world, almost all the goods that arrive or leave here are going to be in a standardised shipping container. For incoming goods, once a container has been unlocked from the ship, these giant quay cranes take it and move it down to ground level. And then it's moved to a holding area by a straddle carrier, ready for a truck or a train to take it on the last miles of its journey. Those straddle carriers look like something out of an old Gerry Anderson show, but they're real. They weigh 70 tonnes before they even pick up a container and the newest straddle carriers which are being tested right here, right now, are automated. Fully loaded, that is a hundred-tonne robot just moving around at speed. - We are automating while still operating the terminal, it's an absolutely crazy thing to do but we have to do it because of our space limitations. So it's a bit like, you're having open heart surgery while you're still playing tennis. So we're now getting robots which can work much more steadily and stack higher and stack closer together. And so we can get a lot more capacity out of our same piece of land. - It's really really precise. The A-STRADs can stack containers with an accuracy of a couple of centimetres. That actually can pose a problem because the wear and tear on the pavement is always in the same place at the same time. So we've got a fairly cool solution to that, which is called stack shuffling. So in a manned terminal, of course for the straddle operators to know where to put the containers, we paint lines on the ground. Over a number of years that wears out the pavement. We get ruts where the straddles drive repetitively and damage on the asphalt where the container corners land all the time. And of course that then requires repair, which is disruptive and expensive. So with A-STRADS they refer of course to an electronic map, they need no lines on the ground. So that enables us to then move the container stacks just a little bit and that spreads the wear and tear on the pavement over a much longer period of time. - GPS isn't quite precise enough for this job, and there's a lot of flat steel surfaces that could reflect or block those signals. So there's a local positioning system installed here as well. Synchronised transmitters all around the port work like miniature GPS satellites. And equipment on each straddle carrier triangulates the location using the light speed delay from each one. Which is literally sub-nanosecond precision. They don't just look at the timing signal itself, they track the phase of each transmitter's carrier signal. - The Locata system is our system for the positioning of the machines. We have these two antennas on top of each machine in order to also be aware of the orientation of the machine at each moment. But it's a local system. Everything which is directly related to the main safety of the straddle carrier is on the straddle carrier. Also the navigation itself happens on the straddle carrier. - Whilst we're automating a large part of our operation, we're actually keeping people in a part of it. So we'll actually have interactions between manned straddle carriers and automated straddle carriers, and that's never been done in this way anywhere else in the world before. The system has multiple layers of safety. The first one is the simplest, which is we put a big fence around the terminal to keep people out. Beyond that, then, we've got a computer system that monitors where all the machines are all the time so it's both manned and the automated straddles. It manages the interactions between those machines, and it's a standalone fail-safe system. And then as sort of last layer of defence, the A-STRADs have laser scanners on them which will detect the presence of an obstacle in front of the machine and stop it before there's a collision. - We've got a different type of automation here. We have straddle carriers that are only automated in part of the terminal. And the reason we've done that is again the throughput. So our crane drivers are really fast, under the crane we've got lots and lots of steel, it's really hard to get those signals and automate. So by keeping manual operations underneath these cranes here, and then automating the yard, we get more capacity. The robots do the really boring stuff like moving containers around, digging out the bottom one to put it on a truck, and the people do the really tricky stuff. You know, the technology will no doubt improve, but for now, that mixture of people and robots is the perfect mix. - Thank you to all the team at the Ports of Auckland. Pull down the description for more about them, and their work.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel. [MUFFLED BY COFFEE] Hello. Drinking coffee. I timed that really... Prioritise, prioritise baby. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. And so the man says to the lady, "I'll have another go, but I don't know if I can fit another bread roll up my ass!" Now, now the question is, I know Gary was planning to prep lines for this series. And the bounciest man on the Internet, Matt Gray Series five. Welcome! In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING]. And there's a special prize for a particularly good answers, which is ♫[MYSTERY BISCUITS]♫ If you've never watched this before, you're in for a treat. Every season we get new people. You... oh my God, the s*** you are about to endure. Let's face it. Today we are talking about the hydraulic telegraph. Holy moly! That's a wet telegram. I, erm, well I'll give you a point. There is water involved. Well yes, there is f***ing water involved! IT'S HYDRAULIC! I'm a moron, I know nothing about science. It's all pissing witchcraft, even I know that bit! And you are still getting a point for it. [DING] Well I won't moan too much then. "Stand in front of the nozzle to receive your message." On that point... "Aunt Mildred says hello, but I don't want to tell you what she's been up to." On that point yesterday, I genuinely, this is a genuine story. I saw a coach company called Morse Coaches. Right? That's good. It was reversing, but I couldn't understand why the beeping noise was just saying 'S' repeatedly. It was probably just saying 'eeeeee'! The thing is, we all pedanted your Morse code there, in different ways. He's like, "that's E". I'm like, "no that's T, that's a long one". Surely it could say "Warning! This vehicle is reversing!" in Morse, is what I was what I was thinking. People wouldn't move out of the way. They would be too busy trying to read it. W... A... R... N... [THUD] You committed to that hit there. I did. I did, I did, I did, yeah. It wasn't Morse code. Not any version of it. Flags! Little tin flags or something. Metal flags that would pop up. So it spells out the message. You're thinking of the optical telegraph. I'm thinking of an optical telegraph powered by water, thank you very much. Ooh! I'm going to give you a point for that. [DING] - Ooh! - Fountains? No. No. How would you... There are flags and there is water. And this is... First of all, let me clue you in. And there are shoes! And there are boxes. And there are houses... And there are doors. And orang-utans. There are also oranges. Today we have the handle on nouns. - There are two versions of this... - Hello children. Welcome along. Today we are learning about things. Today we are learning about flags. And there is water. And shoes. And there are antelope. Goodbye. We'll see you next week. Goodbye. I don't think we can really explain what Tom is though, without adjectives. Are you done(?) Probably not, but you know, have another go. That's the most exasperated look you've ever done. "Are you done, children(?)" Anyway. Is it some kind of coastal system for getting messages out into the water, by sending... different pressures to pop up things, that would spell out a message? Yeah, I'll give you the point there [DING]. - I'll definitely give you the point. - So it's Pop Up Pirate, but telegraph? Sounds like it, yeah. When do you think this was? 19th century. Everything was iron and hydraulic then. - Right. - Ooh, steady. This is not the version we are talking about. There is a 19th century version. Again, I'll give you a point [DING]. But, I'm going to come to that later. Is this the mid 90s version in Eureka, in Halifax? Ooh! I mean... Northern reference. I get... I went there. Specific northern reference. - We all went. - We all went as kids, to Eureka It's still there as far as I know. - It is still there. - But I didn't know they had a hydraulic telegraph? Neither do I, but if there was somewhere that would have one. They had a massive Archimedes screw on the ceiling. Lucky Archimedes. Wait! We are talking about Archimedes, we are pretty much in the right area. Ah! So Greco-Roman Yeah! Fourth century BC Greece. Yeah! [DING] Point. I'm trying to imagine a fourth century Greece. I'm just trying to put Greased Lightning into Latin, and I'm failing badly, at the minute. Well if you can't none of us have got a chance. Hang on, hang on. He's studied Latin. Classical education. It's been more than a decade since I got my GCSE in Latin now. Can you manage, "I've got chills, they're multiplying"? Probably not. - Habeat... - Yes. Chillea..? Er. - Frig... frig... - Expandero! Habeat frigits... frigidare-something. Et saeu... erm, multiplicanus. Or something like that. Multiplicanus est. Yeah. Yeah. Corrections in the comments, for all of you YouTube watchers who know Latin. So. Ancient Greece Yes. There are two signal towers, on two hills. With two identical tubs of water. How do they get them to both show the same message? Inscriptions on the side of the tub of water. How do they get them to synchronise? Gentle and well timed piddling? Oh, I'm so tempted to give you a point. Gentle and well timed horse piddling. No, they're not putting water in. Gentle Piddling is a village isn't it? It's in the Cotswolds. You're thinking of Much-Piddling-on-the-Wold, there. They let some out? They let some water out with a tap or something like that. Yes, a spigot. [DING] Ooh! What else! And did they have a tube from the bottom of one, to the bottom of the other? So it auto levelled. No. That's the British system that comes later. So I'll give you a point [DING]. But, that's not how they synchronised between two far away hills. Men yelling? Mobile phones? No, it can't be something else, because the water is the communication method. Or is that storing the message? Hang on, we never actually established that this water is any method of communication. At the minute we just have two towers that let some water out occasionally. Yeah, and there's things inscribed on little bowls. - OK. - Where the water comes out. So how do you get both sides to time when they're taking the plug out and putting it back in again? Lights? Mmm, fourth century BC? Candles? I mean it's a big candle. Fire! Bonfire! There we go. [DING] - 'Cos that's the way they used to communicate anyway. - Big candle. Big candle! Bonfire. "Big candle!" Why the water? They lit fires anyway. Because a bonfire can only send one signal. "I'm on fire!" "By, it's warm out t'day!" It can send two signals. "I'm not on fire." - That's true. - On and off. Yeah, well that's how they did it. [DING] Binary. Unplug. Off. Put it back in. What's the message? You both read down your bowls. Bowl says "I'm on fire!" Must be a big bowl. They said an earthenware bowl. The depth being some three cubits. What the hell is a cubit? -- It's about there... -- There to there, innit? Oh! Yes, absolutely. Have a point. [DING] I was going to look up 'cubit definition' there, but that's roughly right. - Has he got two dancing cubits? - Those are my cubits, baby! Oh God! So yeah, about... yea big. and presumably draining quite slowly so they can synchronise... "Please send chips", or whatever... the Greek equivalent of that is. Pita! Yeah. Half way down, one of them is just that laughing and crying emoji. Drama! "LOL." Smiling poo. It's halfway between ROFL and LOL. I don't know where we stand on this? ROL. He's sitting on the floor, rocking back and forth a bit. No, its not that, it's like anything where you use LOL You see it reach LOL on the watermark, you look over, he's just sat there, doing that. - Slight intake of breath. - You just see... I don't know why I had this ancient Greek man looking at his phone. Cause that's what they used to communicate, I just said! LOL has fallen out of fashion now though. It is just emojis now. People don't type LOL as much. The amount... it's one of those kind of things, isn't it, where people who aren't used to emojis yet, keep using the laughing and crying one. - For actual crying. - Yeah! Which changes the tone of a message, like "I'm sorry to hear your aunt's died." And then have the crying with laughter emoji on it. Well, it's like the parents who thought LOL meant lots of love. Yes! That happened. Yeah, yeah, yeah. "Sorry to hear you broke your ankle, LOL." But... That's like MSN messenger was. Remember MSN Messenger, everybody? No they don't! Some of them are too young for it! It was like Facebook messenger...only s***er. You would wait all night for your friend to appear, and they may not. So there was an idea. As I think you said, British 19th century. Yes. For two connected tubes. ♫ Tu-u-bes! ♫ I don't know why I said it like that ♫ Tubes. ♫ Um, and the idea was, you would put in water or take out water and it would synchronise at the other side. What were some of the problems with that system? Putting the tube in, in the first place? I'll give you a point. [DING] It was £200 a mile. Which in 1838 money, is a lot of money. Compared to just sending a messenger. They would have to be made out of copper or something expensive. - Oh yeah. - Rather than just PVC tube from Wickes. Yeah. - That's a hardware store. - Cast iron was often used for hydraulic tubes. 'Cos they could take the pressure. What distance are we talking? Are we talking like over a dock, or over London? Cause London was basically hydraulically powered up until the 1920s. Oh that's true. London had a big hydraulic power system. So, if it's over London... You should explain how that works. Well you just had big accumulators. So big towers would be used to store the pressure. And it would be used for moving lifts, for goods lifts, for cranes. It would be powered off a central hydraulic power system. - Cool. - With pipes all over London. And they're still... I think they're used as cable runs now. Under London. It was a huge London wide system. Especially using the docks, with dock gates, and cranes and lifts and other things that need... powering left and hither and yon. Like dumb waiters in hotels. So they just have a massive water tank at the centre of the system, that created... Well several tanks, yeah. ...created the pressure. That gets pumped through. And you can use some pressure if you wanted? Yeah! For the love of God, will somebody Biscuits that man! ♫[MYSTERY BISCUITS]♫ That's fair. That's fair, thank you for reminding me to Biscuit that. First Biscuits of the season. Yes, that was part of the problem. The inventor was a Mr. Francis Whishaw. - Uh-huh. - Of course. A good Victorian inventor's name. "No sooner is motion given to one end..." Poo! Eh, readers? than it is communicated through the whole sixty yards to the other end of the column. - Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt a duck! - So you might as well wave. So when I said distance was the problem, you could just yell. You could just yell, yeah. When you said hydraulic telegraph, when I was forgetting hydraulic meant water, but remembered it was tubes of stuff, I was thinking of the, the, the... -- Steady! -- Good mime. Good mime. "Tell me about your mother." The blowy tubes they had. Vacuum tubes. Yes. Sorry, sucky tubes. Pneumatic tubes. Pneumatic is the right word. Yes. They had a whole system of telegraph through... Yeah, you just had... you could, you had one... You had a tube with air going one way and air going the other and you put a thing and... pfoom! -- Still use them. -- All round London. There was atmospheric trains as well. There was a whole, that was like the Victorian way of powering things was to... Hyperloop? I don't know what that is. Is that... No, hyperloop is magnetic induction. But it's inside a vacuum tube. Inside a vacuum. Oh, this was just a vacuum. It was like a tube carriage, with like, erm... A shield round it in the middle. That would act as a piston. You would just put them in and... - Shove 'em. - And foomp! You would basically release air at one end and foomp! And you would be just sucked through in a tube carriage. And then you just appear at the other end. Hoping no one would be there. You would be in a container. You would be in a train here, it's not people... -- Container! -- It's not the thing from Futurama. Oh. But, at the same time on that, you'd be hoping no one opened the window for a fag. Wouldn't you, eh? Woosh! Like the end of Goldfinger, only underground. Erm, but they were above ground atmospheric trains as well. Because you would have a big... pneumatic tube up the middle of the lines. Again with an, erm... A piston underneath, that would suck the train along. But the problem was... I'm just loving all these hand actions. What you would have is that they use some kind of coating on the rubber and it was really attractive to rats. So they ate it, and you'd lose the pressure. Ah, you lose your back pressure. And probably the rats would, at some point, get smeared into the wall by a passing... And the rod and tube would get full of imploded, er... kerploded rats. And they might even lubricate the system. - Ahh! I'm not so, not so... - Briefly! Briefly as they disintegrate. So the hydraulic telegraph, what were the other problems? We have distance not being particularly good. Cost. We have cost. Yep. What's the other problem if you've got water that needs to be kept level, between two... Science! Water always finds its own level. Oh, right. OK. So you need two places that are at the same height, for it to balance out properly. Won't you? Yes. You couldn't do it from the top of a hill to the bottom of a hill. - No, because otherwise... - It would just flow out. What you invented there, is a fountain. Ohh, I was going to say water slide, actually personally. OK, Yeah, water slide communication would work. - Woohoohoo hoo! - That's the best way to transmit a message. "The British are attacking! "What you have to do, Paul Revere, is you have to start on top of this hill... "Go down the slide once if by land, and twice if by sea." "Once! "Hang on, he's going back up again. "He might just have forgot his towel." "Have ye done?" "Can't hear him, have to wait now. If he comes down again, we've no idea, have we?" "He's gone up four times now! He's just being greedy." "His message appears to be 'Wheeee!'" "Woohoo hooo!" I'm just seeing stuff like the D-Day landing, with soldiers coming off little slides off the end of boats. "Whee!" Wouldn't that make war so much more jolly? "Woohoo hooo!" I mean there's a lot of ways to make war more jolly. I think... Like not doing it. Yeah! Not killing people, would be a start. "Send in the jesters!" A machine gun that fires out signal flags that just say "bang"! At the end of the show then, congratulations, Gary. You win this week! You win an intimate waxing by a legendary six-time Grammy winning American composer... Go on. It's the Burt Bacharach Back Crack and Sack. So, congratulations. With that we say thank you to Chris Joel. Bye! To Gary Brannan. And to Matt Gray. Goodbye, YouTube. I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today: He reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! Hiyo. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan — Gary Brannan! [To the tune of 'Born Free'] 'Porn free... as free as your mam blows...' And the bounciest man on this stage — Matt Gray! Hello you... lot! In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], And there's a special prize for particularly good answers, which is... [Audience sings] ALL: Oh yeah. GARY: What have we done? And today, we are talking about the Ice Block Expedition of 1959. Is this like King Cnut holding back the tide? Trying to stop it melting by sheer force of will? MATT: Who's Will? Well, this is the problem with the expedition. They couldn't find enough people called Bill, Will and William or Willis to take along, which is why it's failed, which is why the ice caps are still melting. MATT: Oh. Well, that's called, they all have bread-making hands and they're all too warm. You need them to be pastry hands to do that, they're all cold, don't you. TOM: What?! Oh, for the love of f***! Look... If you've got 'bread-making hands', you've got warm hands, because you need warm hands to activate the yeast. If you've got cold hands, you've got 'pastry-making hands', because that keeps the pastry cold and the butter doesn't melt... ...dickhead. [Laughter] So if you've got bread-making hands, you can melt dickheads? GARY: Yes. CHRIS: Is it like a superpower? GARY: Go! Yaargh! S***test superhero ever. Bread-Making Hand Man! Bellend Melter! Somebody'd pay for that, you know that, don't you? This was a publicity stunt. In fact, it was called the biggest publicity stunt the world had ever seen. MATT: Was this a beverage company trying to serve their drinks with 'Arctic Ice!' or something like that? TOM: I'm going to give you a point for 'arctic ice'... [DING] TOM: Because it was starting from — This is a 'no', isn't it. But I'm getting a point somehow. That's like a teacher at school... 'Yes...? Has anyone else got any suggestions?' You're right about arctic ice. But it was not a beverage company. Was it one of these mad things, where they were going to, like, irrigate the Kalahari or something? [DING] Get in! It wasn't irrigation, but it was an attempt to get an ice block from the Arctic Circle to the equator. MATT: For the lolz. For the publicity. Just get a cool box! CHRIS: How big's your cool box? I mean, I know you eat a lot of pies, but... So what kind of company would want to do a publicity stunt by moving ice all that distance over land to the equator? CHRIS: Over land?! TOM: Over land. MATT: Over land? GARY: A fridge company. CHRIS: Haulage company. GARY: To show the beneficiary of... Or asbestos company, to show how good the asbestos is. [DING] It's not asbestos, but it's insulation. You keep giving us points and saying it's not what we said! It's a Norwegian insulation company. I'm going to give you a point, because if there wasn't asbestos in that, I'll be very surprised. And frankly, if there is asbestos in it, *they* will have been very surprised. [Laughter] Not until about 25 years later, I'll guess. It was made from glass wool. Made from fibreglass. GARY: Glass wool. This was inspired by a radio station. In 1958, which radio station would have put up a challenge like that? [Posh voice] The BBC World Service. TOM: Very much the opposite. The ITV World Service. [Applause] Brought up in the '80s! What would the ITV World Service be? Because that's basically just Keith Lemon. It's Ant &amp; Dec. To be fair, that sounds like something ITV and Ant &amp; Dec would do now, wouldn't they. 'We're gonna transport a block of ice to the equator, live!' Stripped over two weeks' worth and you'd vote off which bit of ice you don't like. Any ITV commissioners: 25 percent, yeah? Now, you say it's a radio station... [Pirate voice] May it have been, yarrr, one that be on a boat? Well, it was certainly beyond our borders. It was Radio Luxembourg. ALL: Ohh. Who launched a challenge to transport three tons of ice from the Arctic Circle to the equator. MATT: 'Let's say this, and see if anyone does it!' [DING] GARY: And then it's one of those awful things, GARY: ...where someone turns up on your doorstep with three tons of ice from the Arctic. [DING] [Laughter] MATT: [American radio voice] 'Wacky Radio Challenge!' [Idiotic laughter] TOM: What was the prize they were going to award for this? [Radio voice] A car! Someone who works in radio. A s***load of tonic. [Laughter] I mean, you could buy that with this... GARY: 'Free drinks all round!' The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt ice. [Laughter] One million dollars. Oh. [DING] One hundred thousand francs — GARY: You're doing it again! [Laughter] No, no, I'm getting there... 'No.' Ding! What is this?! ...per kilo that made it to the Arctic. CHRIS: Whoa. GARY: Ahhh. So theoretically, that was anything up to... three hundred million francs, if I've done my maths right... But if someone actually managed to get the three tons of ice there, and suddenly, oh, an insulation company's got involved... They started being very worried. How did they get the ice out of the Arctic? Did it take a digger or something? MATT: You know when you've got an ice lolly, and you lick one bit and it goes in? MATT: They're just licking it into squares. [Laughter] GARY: Tons of Norwegian men — hands and knees... [Laughter] Can you not do that while you're sat next to me? [Wolf whistle from audience] [Laughter] Your mam's in! They actually got it out from a glacier in 200-kilo blocks. What do you use to remove that much ice? MATT: Spoon! GARY: Big f***in' hammers! Um, no... no... Chainsaw. [DING] [Applause] I knew you'd get that, because you have a chainsaw license, don't you? Not since October. ALL: Awww. And you're all slightly safer in your beds. [Laughter] But when we had that absinthe and chainsaw night last week, you told me you were fully qualified! CHRIS: Once you're drunk, you don't need to be qualified. It all becomes much more natural. To be fair, I don't think Leatherface from the horror movies really had a license for that. It's not a requirement. You see what happened? You see what happened?! That's fair. That's fair. Is that like Al Capone? Is that what they got him on? So yes. 200-kilo blocks, melted together to make a single block of ice weighing 3,050 kilos. Now, I'm setting this up specifically for Gary: What was the container they constructed for it made from? GARY: IRON. TOM: Correct! [DING] There's two little squirrels in my head... One was saying, 'Say iron!' The other was saying, 'Say anything else!' 'Wool!' They placed it on top of a truck that would carry it all the way to the equator, accompanied by what? Two of every animal! Gin! In a big tanker behind it. That's fair... A film crew, sadly. Where did they go? They started — CHRIS: South. MATT: The equator. Well, yes, okay. GARY: Point! Point! I'm not giving you a point for that. They started near — well, they started in the Arctic Circle... MATT: Where? Norway Arctic? Norway, yes. Oh. Cheating bastards! How is that cheating? I don't know. I had this thing that they'd gone all the way to the North Pole and done it... No, Arctic Circle to equator. Oh, of course, right. In my head I had an image of an iron tank with the North Pole sticking out at the top. CHRIS: I was going to say. You can just get a budget flight to the Arctic. Yeah! Yeah, but can you imagine the carry-on fees for three tons of ice? Slice it. One in each seat. Just have refrigerated pockets on a fishing vest and take it bit by bit. TOM: That's how you get past Ryanair charges, isn't it. Yeah, yeah. You just wear all the ice. So the first stop was Oslo, which seems a sensible place. What would be needed near the equator, at Libreville, where they finished? Food. Not quite. Certainly something that was needed for people who lived there. GARY: Fish. CHRIS: Jam. MATT: Vaccines and medicines. TOM: Matt gets the point. Absolutely right. [DING] 300 kilos of medicines. Obviously, they can keep them cold. They've got ice. Oh God! I didn't think of using the ice to transport something. I just thought you meant something else that was along for the ride. No, medicines go off in the heat, so suddenly, they had a lot of ice... Within it, was there a horror from beyond time that had yet to be unfrozen as well? Half a flying saucer. Not even stopped, just carried on cutting with the chainsaw. 'Ah, ****, there's another one...' I hate to set the joke up, but your mum's in. GARY: Heyyy! Okay, right, no... Oh, she is in! All right then. What happened in Belgium? The customs! Yep. Absolutely right. [DING] What did they not have? Ice. CHRIS: Right. [Laughter] A license to carry ice. TOM: Yep. Absolutely right. [DING] GARY: What?! They didn't have a customs declaration for it. [Applause] Concealed carry for an ice cube. [Old-fashioned bobby voice] 'Sorry, sir, I can see you are dripping, there...' Yeah. Absolutely right. There was no customs declaration for the ice. What? The... the... You can see it! It's tons of ice! TOM: How do you solve something like that? MATT: Melt it! GARY: Disguise it as a circus. No, just a moustache and a stick-on nose. 'And this is Steve.' [Ice creaking noise] 'Hurry up, Steve!' GARY: 'He don't say much.' No, a customs official just accompanied them all the way, so officially it never entered Belgium. To make sure they didn't import illegal ice. Yes. Wait, wait, wait. What if a Belgian ran up and had a lick? [Laughter] What is it with me and licking?! You should see me in the freezer. You *shouldn't* see me in the freezer. [Laughter] That's why you're banned from Iceland, isn't it. Both the country and the supermarket. Can you imagine the recursive nature if they had a branch of Iceland in Iceland? TOM: Well, they'd just call it England, and it's just... The freezers don't work, and everything's twice as expensive as it was a month ago. GARY: Heyyy! Satire. They got to Paris... The crew were invited to dine with...? [French accent] The president. TOM: Er, the mayor. I'll give you a point, it's close enough. [DING] No, it's f***ing not! [Laughter] Gary... On the scale of civic dignitaries... TOM: Do you want the point? I don't want bulls*** points. Down at the bottom you have mayor. Up here you have le Président. I was talking the cheese, by the way. Having dinner with, not of. Yeah. The mayor! The president! God's sake! Never get *you* into international diplomacy. TOM: I think none of us should ever be in international diplomacy, Gary. Fair cop. Yeah. Yes. From Paris they continued to Marseilles, and it was lifted aboard a freighter that sailed to Algiers. How much water had melted by the point they got to the Sahara? Er... CHRIS: None. Ice melts into water. [Applause] [DING] Go for the Biscuit one over there. You're not having Biscuits for that! How much ice had melted by the time they got it to the Sahara? Twenty percent. An Nth. Ah, that's a good fraction. You can't lose there. Can't be wrong now. Er... well, Gary wins, so... Well, thing is, no, you were actually closer. It was only four litres. Out of all of that, less than one thousandth... I didn't actually say anything. Did nobody notice that? You said zero, so you're closer. Yeah, but I said an Nth! That's undefinable. Have we got any mathematicians in? Of course we've got some mathematicians in. Who gets the point? AUDIENCE MEMBERS: Chris. Chris gets the point! Bastard. [Applause] What were the instructions they got as they went across the Sahara? 'Go west.' [Laughter] [Sings] Life is peaceful there... Matt, I know you're not good at directions... If he was doing directions, he'd have said, 'Go right.' CHRIS: Or left. What was the main danger in the Sahara at that point? Being shot. Yet again, Chris... [DING] Absolutely right. GARY: Was there a war on? There was. There were 'forces hiding in the mountains'. MATT: Did we start it? TOM: Huh? MATT: Did we start it? CHRIS: We weren't even alive, Matt. I don't think any of us could have started it. The advice was, 'No stops, drive for your lives, even if you get a flat tire.' Cool! You see, they don't have that in the driving test, do they? Maybe if you go to Saharan Africa they do. To be fair, there was a wonderful question — because I did my theory test last year, and one of the questions is, 'What do you do if you are driving through a tunnel, but your car is on fire...' [Laughter] '...but your car is still drivable?' MATT: Get the f*** out of the tunnel. TOM: Yes! You're absolutely right. If your car is drivable, get out, because otherwise you're going to kill other people. I'm going to be dead honest, and I don't want that to happen to anybody ever... but s***, that'd look good. Just gunning out of a tunnel in flames, with you going, 'Ha ha! I'm doing good!' Yeah, but it's when you're listening to Matt Monro and there's a bulldozer at the far end anyway. MATT: You're going to have to... Wow. Five people here have seen The Italian Job. Okay. So you've driven your burning car out of the tunnel. Then you've got to somehow get out of it with the most panache you can. I wouldn't be worried about panache at that point. As we all know, the driving test is rated on style, control, damage and aggression, so... [Laughter and applause] Okay, so just for the reference: Italian Job — no. Robot Wars — yes. That's fine. GARY: We've found their level. MATT: Can I ask a question? TOM: Yes. What were we talking about? [Laughter] Because I can't remember. TOM: They were crossing the Sahara on the Ice Block Expedition of 1959. They had taken a block of ice from the Arctic Circle, They'd made it to the Sahara. They met a tribe that lived there... TOM: And how did they greet them? What did they give them for, er... MATT: Hugs. GARY: Water pistol fight. Bit one-sided, but you know... TOM: You're close... Water. Yes. Absolutely right. [DING] They gave the camels water from the container. Um, the commentary... Did a camel get his tongue stuck to the big block of ice while they were doing it? I believe they had a small spigot on the bottom that could drain the — Oh, good use of the word 'spigot', Tom. What would be in the water, given what it's insulated in? Oh, fibreglass... Yes. [DING] But in the entire trip across the Arctic, they lost... how much water? GARY: Eight litres. MATT: Ten. A camel's worth. Chris gets it. 96 litres. [DING] It's about a camel's worth. That feels about right. And who did they meet? We're looking for a very famous physician. MATT: Doctor Jones? Doctor Jones? Aqua? Aqua! What I like is that you could hear the ripple of people getting that as it spread about. No... Albert Schweitzer. I have never heard that phrase. That rings a bell for some reason, but I don't know why. TOM: 'A French-German theologian, organist, philosopher, and physician.' Is 'organist' a subcategory of physician? TOM: What did Norway send to Schweitzer's hospital? [Arnold Schwarzenegger voice] Supplies. TOM: I mean... okay, I'll need you to narrow that down a bit. Because the water melted... some fish to swim in it? TOM: Oh. You're... [DING] No, piss off! Gary, you keep accidentally saying something that's close enough. What would Norway send? Half a ton of fish. But what kind? What kind of...? Pickled herring. [Click] CHRIS: That didn't go off. TOM: [DING] There we go. TOM: Close enough. Klippfisk. Oh no, that's — TOM: That actually got an 'Urrgh!' from someone who has clearly eaten that, in the audience. Dried and salted cod. GARY: He's in the middle of the Sahara. TOM: Yup. He's got a doctor's surgery in the middle of the Sahara. And Norway thinks it's — TOM: Er, no, it's Gabon. So they're already a bit south of there. But Norway thinks it's cool to send a load of very salty fish to a very dry part of the world. Yep. What utter bellends. [Laughter] I bet that'd smell nice in 50-degree heat. 'But what's in the box? We've been waiting for months for this!' Clunk... 'JESUS CHRIST!' 'What is wrong with them?!' First of all, they made it. That's the important thing. They got there... It was called 'the greatest publicity stunt of all time'. They delivered 90 percent of that ice, without melting, to Libreville. A representative of the insulation company met them in Libreville. MATT: Didn't he go with them? No, having taken the short route. GARY: Coward. He was a friend of someone. And we talked about him earlier, and you got a point despite the fact you shouldn't have. The mayor of Paris? [Laughter and applause] TOM: That was... GARY: Squirrel One: 'Say answer!' Squirrel Two... That was a half-court shot, and it sailed through the air, and it sailed through the air... and then it just bounced off the rim. Tom, never use the phrase 'off the rim' in my presence. TOM: Anyone else want to get the point for that? MATT: Ze president. [DING] Absolutely right. President Charles de Gaulle was a friend of that representative. Ahh, mais oui. Did he fly there? What...? CHRIS: Airport, mate. TOM: De Gaulle, oh my God... Just let it run. [Applause] TOM: Yes. He came with an offer. What did the representative of that company say to the expedition that had got all the way there, got that ice, got it there almost entirely intact? 'What time d'you call this?' 'Could you just pop it back up to Paris for us?' [DING] He said that if the crew were willing to drive it back to Paris, the president himself would receive them under the Arc de Triomphe. 'Receive' is not a euphemism in that particular case. Or so you think! What did they say to that offer? GARY: Nah. [DING] Absolutely right. They were exhausted. They said no. They said, that is it. They flew home, they left the ice there with the citizens. And it was called 'the greatest publicity stunt of all time'. Did they then go around Radio Luxembourg's front door, and rap on the door with a bill? TOM: Radio Luxembourg withdrew the offer. What?! Utter f***ers! Before the expedition set off. What utter f***ers! Imagine that! You've got there, 'Radio Luxembourg? I believe I'm rich?' To be fair, they did withdraw it before the expedition set off, when it was being planned. They said they were just joking, that wasn't what they had in mind. A radio show has never done that before! And on that note... everyone here gets free Mystery Biscuits! [Cheering] Good luck. On that... congratulations Gary, you win this show! [Applause] GARY: Okay. I'm bracing... bracing. Go on. You win a tour round a giant underground laboratory, designed to accelerate flatulence close to the speed of light. GARY: No, no, no. No no no no no... TOM: It's a farticle accelerator. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel! To Gary Brannan! To Matt Gray! I've been Tom Scott, and we will see you after we walk off, pretend it's the end of the show and walk back on again! [Applause]
...from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get p-- pfh-- pfft... damn it! Ohhhh! It just started to get away from me. I've also just gozzed all over my screen. - Gozzed? - Gozzed! I'm from Nottinghamshire! And 1995. In front of me I've got an article fromf-- Aaaa-hahaha! - W****r. - Take a breather. Have a sip of water. - And when you're ready... - Then you'll be ready to start. Okay? - Right. - You've got this one. Sorry. In front of me... - We'll behave. - I just thought... WILL YOU STOP IT! Do you know, we've done that so many times, and it's much funnier when there's an audience. Usually it's just us three laughing at him. In a kitchen. Now you can all join in too. Okay, we'll behave. Badly. Consistently badly. We've got to be out on time for this one. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it...
I'm in Hull, a small seaside town near Boston in the northeast United States. I grew up visiting the British equivalent of towns like this, and sure, it's the middle of winter, it is so bitterly cold here that the ocean foam has frozen. There aren't any tourists, nearly everything's closed for the season, but this town still feels a little like home to me. There is one place on the seafront here that's open specially today though. And it's the last play-for-cash Fascination Parlor in the world. - A lot of these did exist back in the day. I'm not exactly sure how many, all I do know is: this is the longest standing. A hundred years old last year. It was transported up here sometime over the past century from Coney Island and now sits here on Nantasket Beach. There are 64 machines here, so on a busy night here we'll have 64 players. The game begins with your bill on the glass, we'll range anywhere from a quarter to a dollar and maybe two dollars at a point in time. We have the entertainment and gaming licence for anyone to come in and play, as long as you're over 18 years old. It is a game of skill. Like everything in life, there is some luck that goes into it, but certainly there are some skilled players that I have witnessed over the past year. - So here are the rules: roll the balls into the holes. Each time you sink a ball, the corresponding light on the board switches on. First to get a line of five, horizontal, vertical or diagonal, wins, or in some cases, first to light up the whole board. And here, you win cash. There are other Fascination parlors but this is the only one where you're not playing for tokens you can redeem, you're not playing against the house, you are playing against everyone else. And if win, you're taking their money. With the house taking a cut, of course. But it is winter, it's the off-season, there are no tourists, so today I am just playing against Chas, the owner. Do you have three balls there? - I do, I'm ready to go, how 'bout yourself? - Alright, so it's a dollar? - Dollar on the glass. Where's my dollar bill? Think I might be out, but let me double check. - Do you need to borrow a dollar(?) - I think I do. [laughs] Thank you sir. - Alright dollar on the glass. - Dollar on the glass. - Alright, good luck Tom. - Alright. - Three, two, one, roll 'em. [balls rattling] - So, we're playing to cover here. - Playing to cover. - Okay. - [CHAS] "It is winter right now, "so the plan for the next few months is to reestablish the arcade, "shake it up a little bit in there, "meaning we're looking to make it easy "for everyone to join, understand the rules, "and get in here and be a part of the fun." - How do you aim? - [CHAS] "Every so often, these games will peter out because of their age, "and there's a local gentleman "who comes in on a weekend, fixes them for us, "so we get right back at it the next week. ""It is still running on century-old technology, "just a few different components are changed in and out, of course. "They are all tied together into one circuit and work amongst themselves." - Am I in the lead? I think I'm in the lead, just. - Oh yeah, it's by three or four there! I gotta catch up. [CHAS] "I think there's a place for it to expand and grow "and be in a lot of different places throughout the world "but the reason it isn't everywhere is, I think, "we are a part of the technological era, "and with different ways that you can stay busy nowadays, "cell phones and gaming consoles, televisions, "there are other things that pull away from old-fashioned fun, if you will." - It's just not... yes, okay, three! I've got three, you've got four. [CHAS] - "We're going to continue to build off of the history that Fascination, "here on Nantasket Beach, has had for decades. "I've heard numerous stories of the folks "that used to run this over the past five or six decades, "even more, and I wish these walls could talk "because there would be a lot to talk about." - Oh, come on, I've got one. [TOM] "What I love about this is that these are "century-old machines, built with the same relays "that powered old telephone exchanges, and they're all interlocked together, "in one really complicated circuit. "No microelectronics, no wifi, just a lot of things that go clunk and buzz." [CHAS] - "So when someone lights up the board, "everyone on the sidewalk, everybody in here "can hear it and they know about it. "There's usually cheering, all the lights on the board go off "and the gentleman calling the game, or the woman calling the game, "will make the announcement that the winner is at, for example, 'table 13!'" This has got to be it, come on. - I've hit the one next to the one I need six times now. - Game over, Tom! [bell ringing] Winner, winner! Good game sir, I'll take that and I'll take that. - Yep, so close. [bell ringing, then stops] That was genuinely fun. - That was, isn't it? The cool thing is, you get these folks who have never played before, they sit down, have just as much fun as we just had and whether they've played it once or twice before, next thing you know they're here for three hours long, and as you can see, it seems easier than it actually is. - Yeah, cause the first one's like, oh, I'm lighting everything up, and then, you cannot nail the one. - Yeah, you cannot, you look and you try probably twelve times. - Yeah. [laughs] Thank you. - Yes sir, thank you Tom. - Thank you to Chas and all the team here at the Paragon Boardwalk. You can pull down the description for more about them and about the Fascination Parlor.
Computers aren't very good at picking random numbers. Every part of a computer is designed to be predictable, and to follow logical patterns. You put the same numbers in, you're going to get the same numbers out. Which is a problem, because all modern encryption, including that padlock up in your browser that tells you that you're safe, all of that relies on big, properly random numbers. If you can somehow predict those numbers, you can start breaking those locks. Which is why I'm here, at the headquarters of Cloudflare, in San Francisco. Cloudflare is a service that protects websites and web services, and sort of sits in front of them as a gatekeeper. Somewhere around 10% of the web flows through Cloudflare's network. Cloudflare was one of the first companies to provide free SSL encryption for websites. So the connection between your web browser and the website you're going to is fully encrypted and invisible for eavesdroppers to be able to look at. In short, these folks deal with a lot of encrypted Internet traffic, so they need a lot of random numbers. It is possible to write code that will simulate randomness, and that's good enough for a lot of uses, but in theory, those numbers could be predicted. They're just being generated by code, so the servers here have to get their randomness from an external and entirely unpredictable source. A lot of home computers treat their own users as sources of randomness, tiny twitches of mouse movement, the exact milliseconds between keystrokes, or on a phone maybe even the accelerometer or other sensors. In all those cases, they generally discard the bigger parts, the bits that could just be influenced by humans, and go off the tiny little decimal places, the bits that you couldn't control precisely, even if you wanted to. But that sort of human interaction is nowhere near enough for an operation on this scale, hence lava lamps. We videotape these lava lamps and take the pictures and video, and turn it into a stream of random, unpredictable bytes. And this unpredictable data is what we use to help create the keys that encrypt the traffic that flows through Cloudflare's network. This data is then fed into our data centres and then fed into the Linux kernel which then uses it to help seed random number generators that are used to generate keys. Every time that you take a picture with a camera there's going to be some sort of static, some sort of noise. So it's not only just where the bubbles are flowing through the lava lamp, it's the state of the air, the ambient light, every tiny change impacts the stream of data. A cryptographic hash function is something that we use where even if you have one static image and one little bit changes, it changes the entire stream. So we use that to help scatter the randomness as much as possible. We also collect randomness around the world. So in our London office, we have this thing called a chaotic pendulum. It has three pieces and it's unpredictable in which way they twist and turn together. We videotape that and feed it into our randomness source, as well. In our Singapore office, we have a radioactive source that we use to feed into the randomness system, as well. So this is not just some stunt that we pulled, it's actually being fed into our real systems. Whether anything in the world is truly random is arguably a question of philosophy and not science. Maybe everything is just complicated clockwork. But these lava lamps are so chaotic that simulating that camera shot with perfect pixel accuracy, far enough ahead to be useful while figuring out everything else those images are being put through, it's roughly the same level of difficulty as just brute-forcing the encryption in the first place. And even if you could simulate all that, you'd only have one piece of the puzzle. These folks aren't the first to do this. "Lavarand" was patented by a company called Silicon Graphics in 1996, but that only lasted a couple of years. Now of course, there are less flashy and more practical ways to generate random numbers, but then I wouldn't be here. I would be at some other company who'd gone and, I don't know, pointed a camera at a basket of kittens. That'd be a bit higher maintenance, though.
I'm in the English countryside near Canterbury, and this is a level crossing. Nothing too unusual about that, except this is a user operated level crossing. And they are fairly few and far between. This little red and green light here tells you when it's safe to cross and then when it is you have to get out of the car that you drove up here in, and you have to physically pump the barriers to get them to rise. I'm aware quite how dodgy this movement looks. And this in itself is not too unusual, you know, there are crossings like this in odd regional parts of England, in the valleys of Wales, on smaller lines, but the thing you might not know is that this is not a provincial line This is a high speed rail line that has Javelin trains on the London to Ramsgate run. The ones that do 140mph. And, okay, they're not doing 140 here, they're doing about 40, maybe 50mph at most, but all that's stopping me from blocking this line, or worse, being hit by something on this line, is -- well -- this crossing and this little lever down here, that drops the barriers and makes it safe for the trains to cross again. That is a user operated level crossing and that is something you might not have known. [Subtitles: GC Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
The Avenue of the Americas! One of the most important streets in New York. Over there is the famous Radio City Music Hall. And over there are two canisters of liquid nitrogen, sitting entirely undefended on the street. And yes, that sounds a little bit odd There are plenty of folks walking by and wondering "should those be there?" And, plenty more folks walking by and not noticing them at all. So it seems strange, and I looked it up And it turns out, they belong to one of the phone companies See there's a lot of steam, and water, underground in New York From municipal heating systems, and water pipes, and all sorts of things And those phone wires can get very very wet and, well, fall apart Every three days, someone from the phone company comes around here, replaces those canisters of liquid nitrogen with new ones, and that nitrogen is constantly vented through the tunnels that contain the phone wires in order to keep them dry, and away from oxygen and moistness. The coldness is just a side-effect of how you need to store that much nitrogen. And, well, it seems unsafe, doesn't it? But, I looked it up, and there have apparently never been any incidents with it, and in the event that one of the many, many vehicles on this busy, busy road crashes into them, apparently it'd just cause a little bit of venting and outgassing. It seems strange, but there are many things in every city that seem strange, and liquid nitrogen on the streets is one of the minor ones. Welcome to New York. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
All around Britain, you will find this: tactile paving. It’s to help blind and partially sighted people find their way around. And here is the clever part, and the part that almost everyone who is fully sighted will never have noticed: there are different patterns for different situations. Very few people see nothing at all. That’s important to say. Only about 3%. Some people have light perception, some people have a bit more vision. Some people have a limited field of vision. Some people have poor central vision but good peripheral vision. Essentially, you think of partially sighted people with enough vision to be able to get around safely and independently, blind being below that threshold. Dots in a grid, like this, mean a dropped kerb for crossing the road. If it’s red, or at least, if it’s supposed to be red, it’s a crossing with lights or something else to stop traffic: these designs are for partially sighted people too, so bright contrasting colours are a good idea. There is a small amount of tactile paving here, used as a marker, to flag up where the crossing is. And then near the road, it’s for the full length of the crossing, so you can work out where it is. And it’s important to balance marking the crossing against not using too much tactile paving: because someone with arthritis can find surfaces like this painful to cross. Navigating around an unfamiliar area is always a bit scary, to be honest. Because, obviously, traditional visual clues, landmarks etc, aren't there. It helps a lot if clues are consistent, so confusion can certainly occur when that isn’t the case. It’s very, very important that these adaptations that are there to help us are actually there to help us and are actually there in the way that we expect to see them. But there are other patterns too. Offset dots mean there’s a train platform ahead, a big chasm you could fall into. Lozenge shapes mean a tram platform, something closer to street level that could run you over. Stripes across the path mean there’s some steps ahead, or a couple of other things that could trip you up. Stripes along the path mean a safe route to follow. And if there’s a path that’s half for foot traffic, and half for bicycles? Well, the direction of the stripes tells you which side is which. Boroughs in London, councils outside of London, seem to be moving more towards aesthetic considerations, i.e. they’re changing the colour to darker greys so it blends in more. By definition if it blends in more, it’s harder for partially sighted people such as myself to actually see. Or obviously, in a more dire situation, people can find themselves in the road, not knowing they’re in the road, simply because those essential clues aren’t there. And sure, all this is tricky to get right. The design standards for how this is laid down are literally a hundred pages long. But so are the design standards for everything about public infrastructure: having reliable rules that everyone understands is important when there are tons of metal speeding past you. Thank you very much to the team from the Royal National Institute of Blind People for all their help! You can check out their YouTube channel here, and yes, I have linked the full hundred-page design document in the description!
In the middle of the 19th century London had a problem: It had too many dead people, and not nearly enough burial plots. Recently diseased bodies were having to be exhumed and then scattered in order to make room for more people to be put in the ground. Now that was obviously an enormous health risk, that contributed to cholera epidemics, which in turn contributed to more dead poeple. And so two industrialists came up with an audacious plan: They would build Europe's largest cemetery 20 miles outside of London in Brookwood. And they would run trains from there to here-- to this terminus here in Waterloo-- and it would be the London Necropolis railway. There would be first class funerals, and second class funerals, and third class funerals, which at least guaranteed you a gravesite, which was a cut above the mass graves that London was using at the time for the dead that couldn't afford anything better. And here is the astonishing thing, the thing you might not know: It worked! The London Necropolis railway was a real thing for nearly a century. The first train ran in 1854, and while the motor car starting to become popular did diminish the service in the 20th century. It ran until World War II. The only thing that stopped it was the bombing out of the railway tracks, and this whole area during the Blitz. If those tracks hadn't been bombed out, theoretically, we could still be seeing 21st century hearse trains going out to Brookwood. And that is something you might not have known. [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Let me tell you about a man called Victor Gruen. Born in Austria, he moved to the United States just before the Second World War broke out and became an architect. And he looked at the suburban sprawl that was taking over America all the people just commuting back and forth, back and forth between home and work in their cars, and thought that what they needed was something like the old city centres and downtowns that he knew. What he needed was a city centre for the suburban sprawl and what he came up with was the idea for the shopping mall. 'Course, he had some more utopian vision for it. He thought, oh, this is going to be wonderful, there's going to be homes, and shops, and schools, and even hospitals, all working together and being this new space. Unfortunately, money and politics got in the way of his utopian visions and what you ended up with, twenty years later when the idea crossed the Atlantic, was this: Brent Cross Shopping Centre, described by a friend of mine as "Hell on Earth on a Saturday". It's the reason I've been driving around looking for a parking space for about half an hour. Now, Victor Gruen did not want this. He did not want these temples to consumerism with every psychological trick in the book designed to get you to buy. One of those psychological tricks got named after him: the Gruen Transfer, the idea that there are a few seconds after you walk in with all this new stimulus, where your brain just gets a little bit confused and almost hypnotises you into buying more. Doesn't matter whether it's true -- it's probably not, the evidence is shaky, but what matters: it was named after him. And at that point, he was railing against what he called these "bastard" offspring of his original idea. Well, this is what we've ended up with. He died in 1980, at a point where there was a new shopping mall opening in the United States roughly every week or so. Which was not what he wanted... ...but things have changed. Economic downturns and the rise of the internet mean that now a lot of those old malls are closing down. And the new spaces that are popping up in their path? They're a lot more like his original designs. They're pedestrianised high streets, and they're big, open spaces with actual space to sit down that isn't just convincing you to buy. From beyond the grave, Victor Gruen might have the last laugh. Not that that helps me, when that guy just took the last parking space. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
The road behind me is closed. There's been a landslip. And that's a problem because it's pretty much the only road that connects the villages of Kelston and a dozen others besides to the picturesque city of Bath. There is a detour, but it's 14 miles long, and the council won't be able to open this road for a few months yet. But there is a solution, and it's quite an astonishing one. This is the Kelston toll road, and it was set up not by the council, but by - well - this man. MIKE: We were in the local pub one night after the road had been closed about 3 months. We were talking to the local farmer who owns the land here. My wife suggested that he should put down some stone and maybe set up a toll road and charge people to go over. We were gung-ho. We carved the field. We built the road. We did it without planning permission. TOM: As you might expect, the council are not initially happy about this, but here's the thing: Mike is not breaking the law. In the U.K., not getting planning permission - the U.S. translation would be violating zoning laws - but in the U.K., not getting planning permission is not a crime in itself. You're only breaking the law when the council notices, files an enforcement order against you, and then you refuse to undo what you've done. MIKE: So we thought that they would say, "well look, you know, get on and do it, this is great, you've got our full support." They - they didn't come up with that and they've actually made us apply for retrospective planning permission. TOM: The council did have some good reasons. According to their statement, they weren't sure if construction and driving up there would affect the landslip down there. But, they seem to have taken the risk, and it's paid off. Mind you, they're not the only ones taking a fairly big risk on this road. MIKE: My wife and I have got a lovely little cottage in Kelston down by the river. We put our house up as a guarantee with the road builders to say, "look, we want to build this road. If it doesn't work out, we will sell our house and we'll pay you, and it's the only way we can make this happen. They're a local firm and they agreed to it. We shook hands and they sent 3 guys over and they built this road in 10 days. We've got to get 150,000 cars over to get our money back - but we're well on the way, we've had 100,000. The public's reaction has been [MOTORCYCLE ENGINE] it has been astonishing. The public's reaction has been astonishing. TOM: It's even made it onto Google Maps. So there you go. The Kelston toll road. Something you might not have known about - not just because of its existence, but also the fact it is still running, and it looks like it will be for a few months yet. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! Hello. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! "And so the waitress asked, 'super sex'? "And the vicar said, 'I didn't realise there was a choice!'" - I ****ed that one up. - Yeah, you have. The punchline is 'super sex'. Come back to me! I'll try that again! This week's closing gag will be pr-- bep-- brpp-- I can talk. Ooh! "I can talk!" You can talk. What? Ooh, it's all gone a bit meta. - Shall we start again? - Yes! I've lost my line now! I'll make something up, it'll be fine. This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! Hello! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! Join me in my underground expedition to Noel Edmonds' secret filing cabinet. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Today's show is sponsored by the word 'contrived'. Ooh! Ooh! Commentary! Ooh! Satire! Wow! Zings off the room, that one! Ow! I don't feel good about myself at all! Has anyone got any burn cream? I'm going to go around the horn again, if that's OK! "The horn"! This is the Technical... did you just fart? No! "Well, could you?" "Could you? Would you mind awfully... "I think it would just break the atmosphere." "Just turn round, and when it gets to you..." Let's go for it. We're wasting mirth here. I'm not sure we are! This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! Third time's a charm! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! Join me in my secret exhibsts... oh for ****'s sake!
I am in Baton Rouge, Louisiana How do I know that? Because it is written in enormous letters on this levee just here. And this levee is on the Mississippi River, the most important river in America. Not just because of the amount of water that it moves, but because of the amount of cargo. Look at all these barges just here that are waiting to have whatever they are carrying moved to the container ports and to the factories that line this river for miles and miles and miles and miles. But here is a problem, and something you might not know. The Mississippi river doesn't want to be here anymore. You see about a century ago, in the age of steamboats there was a bend in the river about 80 miles away from here called Turnbull's Bend And that took you twenty miles out of your way and of course, we're humans, we don't stand for that So a canal was built to cut that bend out of the way Now that caused a problem hydraulagic-- hydra-- hydral-- hyda-- that's a difficult word to say Hydraulogic hydrologic hydra... Water modelling wasn't really a science back then It was more a case of just try it and see what works So that new canal combined with the removal of a log jam on the Atchafalaya River meant that the Mississippi wanted to move. It had found a much faster, steeper, and quicker route to the sea So gravity took it that way Suddenly, the Mississippi didn't want to go this way It wanted to go down the course of the Atchafalaya River a completely different route to the ocean and that is a big problem because here we have all these factories all these container docks built, and relying on this river The Mississippi moving would be a multi billion dollar, possibly even a trillion dollar disaster for America And so, 80 miles upstream from here where once there was Turnbulls Bend is now the Old River Control Structure Built by the US Army Corps of Engineers, who are the frankly amazing group who handle enormous public works and dams in America The Old River Control Structure means that the Atchafalaya River is dammed is stopped and 70% of the flow coming into it still moves down the Mississippi It is, a battleground, if you like, between humans trying to keep our world working and nature, which very much wants to go its own way so there you go something you might not know the Mississippi River really doesn't want to be here anymore
It's difficult to research something if you don't know the name of it. I got an email a few days ago asking if I could figure out anything about this. And normally, I try to discourage messages like that, I'm not Google and I'm not a reference librarian, but this thing completely nerd-sniped me. Because other than one reference on Wikipedia to this exact light that's for shipping on Southampton Water, I couldn't find anything about it. Which is weird, because this is a really clever idea. This light is based on moiré patterns, which are the extra lines and patches that seem to appear when you have two similar but slightly different patterns overlaid on each other. You see them in a few places, but most of the time they're confusing and distracting and designers want to avoid them. But here, the patterns are set up so that if you're looking straight at that light, dead on, you see parallel lines. But if you're to either side, the arrows formed by the moiré patterns tell you which way to go to be straight-on to it. You can have five different boats in five different locations out there, all looking at the same sign, and they will all see arrows pointing the right way for them, without any computers or fancy tracking. This seems like such a good idea that I couldn't believe it wasn't well-known. So I went searching. "Moiré shipping light." "Moiré boat light." And after a half hour or so, I'd found a couple of others around the UK, placed at the entrances to locks and marinas, or at the end of dredged channels, so that people steering a boat know exactly which way to go to avoid the sides. One guide for mariners called it an "Inogen light" but that just led me to a medical company, nothing else. And that was it. It looked like a bit of weird maritime history that had been a brief fad and then died out, leaving no trace. A beautiful idea that the world had ignored. I considered starting a new series of videos called "I Don’t Know" just to see if anyone knew more about it, because it's genius and, yeah, I wanted to understand it. So much that my brain wasn't quite done, I kept coming back, I kept searching. And eventually, I started looking through patent databases. And after a few minutes, I found it. It was patented by Lars Bergkvist and Ivan Forsen, from Sweden, in the late 1970s. They'd invented several things to do with moiré patterns, between them. And though there are a few more patents after the first, refining the idea or making it work in two dimensions with circles, the trail ended there. I tried to track Lars or Ivan down, and couldn't find any trace. The only thing I had was an address from about forty years ago. And in Sweden. And then one little clue, spotted just out the corner of my eye, unlocked everything. Yes, this was patented by Bergkvist and Forsen, but the patent was then assigned to a company called Inogon. Not Inogen -- that was a typo, or a corruption of the name over time. Inogon. This is known as an Inogon leading mark, or just an Inogon light. And once you know that, once you name it, you can search for it. You can find the US military analysis from 1986 testing that it works. The variations that were made for getting an aircraft into the right place parking in a stand. The Swedish company called FMT that now makes them, or did until recently, because they've just removed it from their web site. Once you know that this is an Inogon light, all the rest of the research becomes easy. All except one thing. This Inogon light isn't being used to guide people in. The light follows the path of an underwater cable where you shouldn't drop anchor. So the signal here is all wrong. You don't want to follow these arrows, you're required to stay away from them unless you're passing straight through. It's a really weird use for a very expensive light. So why is it here? I don’t know. But if anyone out there does know, for sure, with evidence... do get in touch.
Behind me is a bit of water called the Strid. There are a couple of Strids in Britain, but this is the one on the River Wharfe, at Bolton Abbey in Yorkshire. And I reckon it is the most dangerous stretch of water anywhere on Earth. Now that's a bold claim, I know. There are certainly rivers that have taken more lives, and there are rapids and waterfalls that few boats could ever sail. But generally, you can see them coming. This is just an innocent looking stream in the middle of some woods. You could jump over it. People occasionally do. But if you miss that jump, it'll kill you. This is what the river looks like about a hundred metres upstream. Same river. All that water went down. Thanks to the local geology, the river basically turns on its side, gouging out passages and tunnels in the rocks below. Those banks are actually overhangs: there isn't any riverbed just below the surface, it's a deep, boiling mass of fast and deadly currents. There are claims that falling in has a 100% fatality rate. There's no way to confirm that, of course, because "local person doesn't die in river" doesn't make the news, but it has claimed a lot of lives: there are even tales from the 12th century of a young boy, set to be the future king of Scotland, who died trying to jump across those waters. And anything, or anyone, that falls in might not come out in any recognisable form: it could just get pulverised against the rocks underwater over and over and over again. I'd try and put a camera in, but then I'd have to get close to the edge. And the edge isn't sharp, it just curves towards the water and it's covered in slippery moss. Besides, the water is opaque and brown with peat stain, you'd see nothing. Is it survivable? Maybe, with a lot of equipment and a lot of luck. And you'll find occasional testimony from foolhardy people who've swum in the calmer pools at the bottom on drier days -- but that's also where a young child drowned back in 2010. That's why it's so dangerous. It looks safe, it looks tempting, and it'll kill you. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm about to play Bubble Football which, let's be honest, is possibly one of the most ridiculous games of football it's possible to play but is it not the most ridiculous game of football in history. That goes to 1994 and the Carribean Cup match between Barbados and Grenada. When [WHISTLE] oh blimey -- Barbados went into that match -- aaugh! You know what?, I'm gonna tell this story later! The 1994 Carribean cup. It is Barbados vs. Grenada. Barbados need to win by two clear goals in order to qualify, just winning isn't good enough. So, in they go. By halfway through the match they're up 2-0, but, with just seven minutes left Grenada pull one back and it is 2-1. Which means Barbados, despite winning the match, ain't going through, they haven't won by two clear goals. Now, there is a stupid rule in this particular tournament, that if a match is drawn, it goes to extra time, overtime as the Americans would call it, and then ends on the first goal, which counts double, which counts for two. So Barbados realise, hold on, we're 2-1 down, if we just score an own goal, equalise the score, we're gonna have half an hour of extra time in which we just need to score one goal to go through because of this stupid doubling rule. So they do. They tap it back and forth and then ... own goal, in their own net. 2-2. And then, with just three minutes left, Grenada realise, hold on, they need to win by two goals! It doesn't matter whether the score is 3-2 or 2-3, we'll go through either way, as long as we score somewhere! So, with three minutes, Grenada are desperately trying to score either a goal or an own goal, because both will let them through. And they don't manage it. It goes to extra time, Barbados score the golden goal and Barbados go through. And the moral of the story is this: If you want to avoid ridiculous games of football, or any kind of game, if you're changing the rules, make sure you test them thoroughly first for what economists call "perverse incentives". And if you want a ridiculous game of football then I thoroughly recommend that. Just remember to wear contacts. That hurt(!) That ... believe it or not, is something from the world of sport -- which I don't think I've covered before -- that you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm in Helsingborg, in Sweden, to film a museum. And normally I don't travel just to film museums, because most museums -- science, natural history -- are pretty much the same the world over. But this museum is not only interesting, it's also unique. Welcome to the Museum of Failure. 80-90% of all innovation projects fail. Everybody in the business knows this. And where are these failures? Companies sweep them under the carpet and pretend they don't exist. The Museum of Failure takes these failed products, puts them on display, so that everybody can learn from them. The criteria that a product has to meet to be here is: that it was an innovation, and that it was a failure. and the failure is a deviation from expected, desired outcomes. (I didn't know Apple even had a gaming console!) No, this is their hidden, dark secret(!) This one was supposed to measure the EEG of a dog's brain and then translate those mental states into human voice. Of course, utter nonsense. It's completely impossible. I've gotten one legal threat from New York. We're in Sweden, you can't sue me(!) Kultur Hotellet, that runs this gallery space, are generously allowing us to be here for three or four months. This space isn't permanent, but the Museum is permanent in downtown Helsingborg. I'd say about a third of the stuff I've bought on eBay, the other third I've gotten on specialty forums. Some of them have been donated, which is great. Some of them just come by my office, and say "I want to give you this", you know? One of them was a Palm Pilot: I took it, but I can't put it on display because the Palm Pilot was a success. Two of these items I've bought in dark alleys paying cash only. Can't tell you which ones they are(!) All of which leads to one fairly obvious question: What happens if the Museum of Failure... fails? One serious concern that I do have is: when a product is overhyped, and then when it's launched, it doesn't meet those expectations, then there's a big risk of failure. So I'd be lying if I said I wasn't nervous that the Museum of Failure would flop! It would have to be on display at its own museum, so... The Museum of Failure is like one of these perpetual, everlasting machines. It can never fail(!) Thank you very much to Samuel West and all the team at the Museum of Failure.
To most people, mushroom clouds mean nuclear explosions: the threat of radioactive fallout, of mutually assured destruction and of the end of the world. But they don't have to be: any large enough explosion will cause a mushroom cloud. And it's happened in Britain: right here. This crater was once RAF Fauld, an old mining operation converted to an underground bomb storage depot for the Royal Air Force. Underground storage was meant to be safer: one of the problems with munitions dumps is that the enemy just needs to hit them with one bomb and the whole lot goes up. This site seemed perfect: but there was a problem. Because this was built in the 1930s for small bombs, the sort that one person can carry, the sort that you can move on a conveyor belt, the sort that the Army can fire from a field gun across the trenches. That's why these old quarries with all their tunnels and caverns were perfect. But then the Second World War moved on, and bombing became a job for the Air Force, and the bombs got bigger and bigger and bigger, fast: half a ton, one ton, two tons. And the war effort needed many, many more bombs than had been predicted. Rapid changes in supply and demand meant that the underground depots were filled far beyond anything like their original capacity. By the end of 1944, the men here at RAF Fauld were storing stacks of high incendiary bombs outside the mine until they could find space inside. There was a war on. They had to make it work. Monday, 27th November, 1944. The commanding officer was on leave. The officer responsible for the underground stores was also on leave -- and it was his deputy's day off too. Everyone who was down in the depot and in charge was inexperienced and massively overworked. According to the official inquiry, someone tried to remove a detonator from a live bomb with a brass chisel. And brass chisels cause sparks. In Morocco, 1500 miles away, seismographs recorded what felt like a distant earthquake. A hundred miles away, people heard a rumble carried on the wind. Four miles away, a shock wave blasted out windows. And here: a mushroom cloud rose into the sky. 4,000 tonnes of bombs had gone up in one terrible chain reaction, the largest explosion ever in the British Isles. This crater was once a hill, with a farmhouse on top of it: no trace of that farmhouse, or the people who lived there, was ever found. The bombs that hadn't immediately exploded were thrown into the air and rained down for miles around, along with millions of tons of debris. A nearby dam collapsed, sending floodwaters down into factories and houses in a nearby valley. The exact death toll will never be known; at least 60, perhaps 90. It took months before all the bodies were recovered, and some were never found. And in the Air Force reports, held classified for years and years after the explosion, along with the names of the dead and page after page itemising every bit of the destruction, there is this phrase: "columns of black smoke and debris rose in gigantic mushroom form". When you're rushed, when you're inexperienced, anyone can get complacent, anyone can cut corners, anyone can make a mistake. Even working with high explosives. Now slowly, over years, the crater was cleared and reclaimed; decades later, what remains is an odd scar on the landscape. About half the bomb store actually managed to survive the explosion; and while the bombs were removed, there are still tunnels and storage rooms hidden under the crater. But after careless explorers started damaging the site, all the known entrances were filled in. And given the warnings about unexploded bombs still in the crater, I'm not about to climb this fence and go any further. There is one little interesting note, though, right at the end of the story: through the late 40s and the 50s, the American military kept asking for records and details of the explosion. How big was it, exactly? What was the damage to the nearby land, and was it by earthquake or by blast wave? What happens if you, essentially, detonate something with the yield of a tactical nuclear bomb underground? Britain never answered. And America went on to make its own mushroom clouds. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Today's show is sponsored by Sean Bean's Invasion Team: "Lancashire's ****ed." This is the Technical Difficulties. We're playing Citation Needed. I have an almost randomly selected article from everybody's favorite reliable source of knowledge, Wikipedia, And these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], And there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is: — Oh yeah! — Oh my. And today's article is: the Newgate Novel. Ooh! We've gone highbrow all of a sudden. We have. Yes. I'll put on my best smoking jacket and clever cravat. — Clever cravat? — Clever crav...? Is that like an iCravat? "Cravat? Cravat, quickly, it's the pub quiz." Right, Newgate. Is this something to do with the prison by any chance? Er... to an extent. Yes. In that it's to do with the prison or not? Not quite. Straight answers please, nobhead. It's based on something called the "Newgate Calendar", Which is... it's connected to prisons. It's connected to criminals. Is it an execution calendar? Yes. It was originally a monthly bulletin of executions. I'll give you a point for that. [DING] It's what would be known as the calendar of prisoners, of those who are due to be tried or indeed executed later in the year. But it got turned into something else. A sixteen-part TV series starring... Daniel Craig, Sean Bean and Alex Kingston. This is mid-18th century here, so... Yeah, and? ...Little bit earlier. So Sean Bean could've still been in it. Sean Bean's in it. It's a weekly series of plays. So it wasn't the short-lived opponent to Babestation then? Ohh! No. Not even close. Mid-18th century strumpets asking for letters. That's basically just a classified ad in the back of the London Gazette. With a slightly lewd picture, and a mailbox to send your money to. A coffee house to pop round and talk through a screen to someone. "Please make way to the coffee house and ask for the back room. "Charge: three guineas." Yeah, when you get there it's a... a complete glass thing so you can't go in. And there's a little flap you can open for a pound a minute to talk to people... Oo-er! [Laughter] Oh for crying out loud! A flap for a pound a minute! Jesus. Where do you go? So what did the Newgate calendar turn into? It was originally just a diary or bulletin of executions. London's top tourist attraction. It isn't the London Dungeon, no. But it kind of had that entertainment... Was it serialised like an early Dickens sort of a deal? I will give you a point for that. [DING] The calendar was basically ripped off by a load of other publishers, who then put out biographical... "chapbooks", it's called here, about the notorious criminals. Oh yeah, chapbooks... This is getting desirably highbrow, but yeah, chapbooks were small, cheap sources of literature. Of course it is now desirable to say there was also not only the chapbook, but the "face book" at the time as well, which was A Thing. Well, the name for Facebook came from university facebooks, which was literally a book of all the faces of the people who joined the university that year. But the 18th-Century facebook was — you would have one in your house. Someone would go around and as part of the evening's entertainment would try and draw their own face. Really? Oh, cool! Right? And it would provoke much mirth when you went, "Oh, look at the paucity!" "Look at the eyebrows, Jeremiah!" You know, that kind of thing. Of which later on when everyone else came round "Oh, you should see the page before you at what the Parson drew!" That kind of thing. That was a face book. It was a mid-18th century thing. I'm getting one of those. I'm having one in my house, that sounds great. Hey! Before you go. Draw your face. Go-on. I dare ye. NO MIRRORS! Stop cheating! All you get is this marker pen, or a knife to draw in your own blood. I like the idea of there being some sort of Bartholomew Zuckerberg. Who was... er... "Bye ye the newe Facebou..." No, that's Middle English isn't it? That's going way back! You don't buy it. He just takes yours, adds a load of adverts to it, and then sells it back to you. Satire. "One has heard he can make up to three guineas an hour!" Which he spends a pound a minute. Pound a minute! Talking into a flap. With furious strumpets behind the flap. Prog band! "Hello, we're the Furious Strumpets." Yeeaah! "This number is called 'Behind the Flap'." Oh no. I like that being like some kind of prog band... — All-female prog band. — Oh, okay! "Furious Strumpets" is a good name for that. Furious Strumpets. Who's on keyboards? So, the Newgate calendar became the Newgate novel. Yep. Which was, sort of, longer books... Very much satirised by a famous author. Rory Bremner. Little bit earlier. Dickens Dickens Dickens. No! Dickens... There's a good argument that one of Dickens' novels is a Newgate novel. Johnathan Swift? No. Chaucer? I think he may have been earlier there. Centuries out. Centuries out. No, there is one Dickens novel that is glorifying crime. Oliver Twist? Bingo. Point. [DING] Yeah. Oh, thank you. Oh, very good. Hmm. "Name a Dickens novel about crime, Gary." "Uh, Ollliverrr...?" I was in a Dickens musical once. — Oh really? — Were you? — Yes. — What the Dickens? I know! I know. Who did you play? I played, er, Wackford Squeers. Oh! Yeah yeah yeah. In the musical "Smike", that is a musical version of Nicholas Nickleby. Hold on to your hats. There's a musical version of Nicholas Nickleby? Yes! And I was a... And what pitch range did you take? Oh God, whatever I had when I was fifteen or something. You know. Somewhere between Mickey Mouse and Paul Robeson. [Voice breaking] That weird oooscillatory one we all haaad! So yeah, Dickens satirised the Newgate calendar then? No, Dickens essentially wrote a Newgate novel, or something that is considered to be. Right. — If I say William Makepeace Thackeray... — Oh, okay. ...I'm looking over at him, do you know what he wrote? Not read any... Well... Oh... Thackeray, Thackeray, Thackeray. Not off the top of my head, no. — Vanity Fair. — Ah. Which was satirising all of 19th-century Britain. Oh, okay. No-one takes that. Okay. What, you want us to satirise 19th-century Britain? "I'd say Gladstone has been too near the buffet recently!" "I would say he's looking remarkably corpulent around his middle areas, oh ho ho!" Actually no, that... No, that's observational comedy. Gladstone, he did have his peccadillos, didn't he? He had his thing. He would go out into London — I think it's Gladstone... Hire a prostitute, which was the done thing, take her home, and then talk to her. For the duration of the booked period... lecture her about not being a prostitute, then throw her out and whip himself on the back. ...that was his thing. At the beginning of that paragraph I thought you were talking about piccalilli. And I was hoping for a story about toast, or sandwiches. F***, who puts piccalilli on toast?! I was going to say. There's something wrong with you if you're putting piccalilli on toast. Hang on we've gone from Gladstone... Never mind the mishearing. Never mind how quickly we've moved through this. The hell are you doing putting piccalilli on toast? You might as well put mustard in your eyes! It's a horrible thing to do! — I've had mustard on toast before. — Mmm. — What?! — What is wrong with... wait, what? Nothing wrong with mustard on toast. It's like having sweet chilli on toast, or... Just mustard? — Hmm... — And butter as well. — And probably black pepper if it was me. — Oh fine! We got the butter, that's fine! Which mustard, English? French? What? — English! — English! I like how you're doing this tennis thing here. We must know! We must know! Brannan's terrified. He's encountered things he doesn't understand. You've opened Brannan's eyes to a whole new area of condiment-based toast. Have you never had condiments on toast before? No! Er, er... I've had cheese and brown sauce. No, no, that's cheese. Yeah. We're talking tomato sauce sandwich here. WHAT? Tartar sauce sandwich! Aahh! Jesus. Horseradish? Oh! Horseradish on toast. Forget the toast. Out of the jar, with a spoon. Right! Behind the unseeing eye ahead of me. If you've ev... it's not just these two, If you've actually put a condiment — and only a condiment, on toast, E-mail in, write in, send a telegram, or a pigeon, or your butler or something. Oh wait, no, to be fair I've had sandwich pickle on toast before. — That's not a... — ♫ Piccalilli! ♫ Oh no, hold on Gary. That's a good point. It's like having gherkins on toast with mayo. — Whoa, you can't say... — Whoa, whoa whoa! Whoa, whoa. You can't say "it's just..." That sounds pretty good. I've never had that. If I can... If I can drag this back. — Good luck, mate! — That's like having... For f***'s sake, that's like having Yop on a baguette. I mean you're just putting... substances together... The Newgate novel. If I can bring this back... What's that got to do with tartar sauce? One of the convicts was done for tartar sauce rustling. Rolling a barrel of tartar sauce down the street. Surely tartar sauce clinking, with it being in jars... — No, no, just a barrel of it. — A vat. "Now then, now then, now then. What's in that barrel, sir?" "...Water..." "Let me stick my bit of bread in there, sir." "I have a slice of toast here. "It just so happens that, if this is water, it will be utterly spoiled. "However, if it is tartar sauce, "as we know, that is a great delicacy. "My lad, "delicious though this is, I am taking you in for tartar sauce rustling." Of course in France they took up the idea, and replaced truncheons with baguettes. First day: it's for eating. Second day: it's for beating convicts to death with. For eatin' and beatin'! Sorry, are you saying a baguette lasts a day? In the afternoon it's for beating! "We 'ave invented a bread product zat lasts no more zan an hour!" "I have taken zis bread 'ome. She is wasted." "She is wasted." I'm sorry, are we pissing off a different nationality each show here? Looking that way. Looking that way. The only way to get a fresh baguette is to actually have some kind of bread-baguette-slot on a boulangerie, that you wrap your mouth round and have one... Where am I going with this?! I don't know where you're going with that, Branners! You want one just... fed! And a hot baguette thrust into your throat. It's a pound a minute, you open the flap, you take whatever's on the other side! A centime for ten minutes! — They just extrude out a bread product... — It's a... baguette! That'll do. Yeah. Fine. I'm okay with that. You've not got any tartar sauce have you? If I were to say "Jack Sheppard", would that ring a bell with anyone? I would rather not, thank you. How do you rate him? "Jack" was a verb, right? Jack Sheppard was a notorious thief who had a two-year criminal career before being hanged at Tyburn. But the novel, the dramatisation of that, was the most notorious Newgate novel. Mmm. William Thackeray, who was one of the opponents of the Newgate novel, said that there were vendors selling Jack Sheppard bags. Now what do you think they contained? Little bits of him. ...no. Swag? No. Copies of the novel, some novelty golf balls... a mouse mat, something like that. Nope, 'cos by this point the novel... Mouse mat? Yeah, what do you think you put a trap on? — In the eighteenth century? — Ohhh... The novel had been turned into a play by this point. So in the lobby of the theatre, as they left... — Signed copies of the script. — No. Signed, erm, lithographs of the stars. Is this something truly disgusting, owing to the fact he was hung... Death by hanging? — No. — His urine? — No! So it's not a picture of the deceased like this...? — Carving. — On the... No. Nope. Instructions on how to thieve? Yes. No way! [DING] Filled with burglary tools. Hey, that's something. You know when you're walking on the Moors, — you have the thumb sticks? — Yes. You know they were entirely outlawed for quite a long time? — No. — Genuinely illegal, were thumb sticks. — Because what you... — Sorry, what are thumb sticks? — They're a walking stick with a Y shape. — They've got a U shape top on. So you can give it this number. — Often seen by ruddy men of the country. — Yes. You know, striding around with them. Spot the person who doesn't go hiking on the Moors. Oh, [dismissive sounds]. Yeah. Anyway. They were outlawed because the thumb over the middle was often used to disguise a hole. Into which you would screw in a hook with some string and another hook on the end. They'd be used when robbing houses. You would dangle it in, hook something out, and walk off. And of course walking with the thumb over the hole. — So they were banned as a criminal instrument. — Brilliant! I'm gonna go get my dad to turn me one out like that. "Come on, son. We're going hang-thieving!" The Newgate novel started to fall out of fashion. Ainsworth and Lytton were two of the novelists who turned away when the attacks on it started. Who didn't? Who continued to use criminals? — Dickens? — Dickens? — Dickens. [DING] —Ah, right. — There we go. Dickens, it says here, was "made of sterner stuff". Made of more commercially lucrative stuff, as I like to call it. Yes. Didn't balk at giving the public what they wanted. Yes. So it became "sensation novels". Charles "There's my 500 words, where's my fifty pounds" Dickens. Yes. Pretty much. That's why his style is... as it is. Bloody long! That's why he's so long-winded, you know. "I should hate to pontificate over this for too long, as excess verbosity will lead to..." ...yeah? I've probably said before, my favorite Dickens line is the one about the door knocker in A Christmas Carol, "which, having not undergone any intermediate process of change"... Wow. You're just like: "Oh. Oh! Oh." Word count! Yup. And... that'll do. Submit! Yes, 'cause he just clicked a button and it word-counted and... No, he went... that action is ringing a bell for his butler to come up the stairs... Or a boy to come and take it to the... With a celebratory slice of toast and tartar! The Newgate novels became the sensation novels, the detective fiction... They got serialised. What did they become? Frosties! ...Cereal-ised... Oh, yes! The pun! It burns! Uh, I was going to go for The Bill. That's fair, that's fair. Little bit earlier than that. Ye Bill! Particular name for them. The penny dreadfuls. Yes! Point! [DING] Point straight away. Quick-fire round: Can anyone give me the other names for the penny dreadfuls? What else were they called? Uh, filthy newsbooks... Uh... The shilling sh**s. Dirty foldabouts... Thou-shalt-nots... "Don't look in there, mother"s... They were all kind-of "penny something". Penny whatsits... Have you got one... Naughty novels... Uh... Penny frighteners? Something like that... Some kind of synonym for "dreadful" would be a start. — Awfuls. — Oh, point. [DING] Yay! Look at that. Penny dreadful and a penny awful. Penny horrible, penny number and penny blood. At the end of that, congratulations Chris! — You win this show. — Hey! I'm on a roll. More points when your way then anything else there. Uh, you win some shares in the company that is owned by the star of The Big Lebowski, that enables passengers to board airliners safely. Its Jeff Bridges' Jet Bridges. The Dude abides! The Dude aboards, thank you very much. And the marketing has written itself. Until next time, — that's been Matt Gray. — Au revoir! — That's been Gary Brannan. — Good day! That's been Chris Joel. And I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time. [Subtitled by Patrick Gregory. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] Hey, thanks for watching. If you liked the show, then tell someone, tell us, or send us a telegram. And there are all new of our reverse trivia podcast over at techdif.co.uk.
Canada's official motto translates as "from sea to sea." But for many years now, there's been an unofficial version: "from sea to sea to sea." Because Canada doesn't just have west and east coasts, it has a north one as well. Just over that hill is Inuvik, a small town of about 3,000 people in the Northwest Territories, about 200 kilometres north of the Arctic Circle. But it's not on the Arctic Ocean. Until recently, this was the end of the Dempster Highway, about as far north as you could get by Canada's road system. There wasn't a continuous link from sea to sea to sea. Except in winter when the ice was frozen enough to support vehicles. But in 2017, after years of difficult construction over the permafrost and hundreds of millions of dollars in costs, an all-weather highway finally opened, from here to Tuktoyaktuk on the Arctic Ocean. So for the first time, we can drive there. ...or we could take a plane. RADIO: "ATC clear." It turns out that building an all-weather highway across permafrost is an incredibly difficult logistical challenge. It's now springtime. The thaw is beginning and large sections of the highway, particularly in the south, have pretty much turned to mud. There isn't quite enough gravel, it isn't compact enough, it isn't cold enough. If your vehicle gets caught there, you are hours from help and you have no cell phone service. So for safety, the government has closed the road, at least for now. But sooner or later, the road will be fixed and the highway will reopen and Tuktoyaktuk will be connected again. And that's going to change things here. - I was born and raised here. 21 years ago(!) - [laughter] - But anyways, I lived here all my life. Never going to move. I enjoy my life here. There's just under 1,000 people that live here year-round. We do a lot of fishing, lot of hunting, berry picking, whatnot. Do the seasonal thing. When they got the go-ahead to finally start building the road, it took about five years and they would only work in the wintertime because the tundra is frozen. And they don't want to damage the tundra because once the permafrost's at surface, it's gonna start melting. They would make ice bridges. Even to where they would haul the gravel to us just so they don't do damage. Tuktoyaktuk is not isolated anymore. It's supposed to be year-round. So if you want to go travel down south, you just hop on a vehicle, if you own a vehicle, just head down. Whereas in summer months, we'd be isolated. We'd wait for the scheduled flights to come in or we go by boat, if you own a boat. Most people were for it. They were hoping the prices would go down for groceries, gas, whatnot. And the gas price did go down a bit because we had a second gas station open up. So that is one of the good things. It just gives more opportunity for everybody. - Now I want to be clear. This is not some abandoned Arctic outpost. There's cell phone service here. There's a lot of people and there's fast internet. Eileen, who I interviewed, she runs the local taxi service. This is a proper town. It's just very far north. The future of the Canadian Arctic is unknown right now. Climate change means that the permafrost is melting. Sea level rise is already threatening this town. This highway is just going to be one more change in a century of them. - We never did feel isolated because we're from here. Yeah, we're just used to the way we're living all the time.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it's Chris Joel. More of a value pack with each passing year. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. ♪ I kissed a gull, and I liked it ♪ Did you just say gull? Yes, that was the joke. -Okay, just... just clarifying that. -Enunciate, then! And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. ♪ I... didn’t come up with anything to say here. ♪ In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding. And there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... -That was pretty good. -Yeah. And today we are talking about the Norwegian butter crisis. Awrgh! Of all the crises, up there with Cuban missile, I always find. I can't believe that it's not a margarine crisis. Well, that actually clarifies what I was going to ask which is... -Clarifies! -Clarifies! I'd like to say it was on purpose - no. Just slid into that one. The Norwegian butter crisis. Was it a crisis involving butter? In Norway. You can both technically have a point for that, but I'd like a bit more. Is that a bit like an essay question where you're just repeating the title basically to get you out of deep water? Now the question I have to try and think of the answer of is, did they have too much or too little? -Because... -"Aargh! There's so much butter!" -I'm going for too much butter. -Butterlanche! -Butterlanche? -Butterlanche. The question was too much or too little? -Well, too much. -Too little. Exactly the right amount, which freaked everybody out. Gary gets the point. Too little butter. So if there's a butter crisis does that mean there's a milk crisis going on as well? -Oh! -Ooh. Yes. Because doesn't butter come from milk? Yes, it does. Yay! Do I get a point for that? Yeah. You don't get a point for butter coming from milk, but you do get the point for… But, yes, heavy rains during the summer affected the grazing of cows and reduced milk production. So what happens if there is a shortage of butter? You buy butter from somewhere else. Toast is awful, it's just dry with a topping. We're talking basic supply and demand here, there is less butter therefore… Butter is more costly and only available to the crown heads of Europe. I'm... I'm giving you a point for the first half of that answer. Norway was gripped by smørpanikk which translates as...? Some more panic. Some more... -Butter panic. -Yes. I can think of like a Norwegian panic scale which is "nor-panic, smør-panik, lots of panic". So, yes, it got to the point where a single pack of imported Lurpak butter… Oh, Lurpak, oh... Cost, oh, you know what, we get to do Price is Right rules here. Here is a pack of butter. -A pack this big? -Import... -Here is a pack of butter. -Here is a pack of butter. Mid-December 2011, -so this is recent. -Salted or unsalted? -It does not specify. -Because it does depend on the use, because if it's unsalted that's more your bakers who are going to be throwing money at it. Oh, no, this is... this is very much dietary butter. -Dietary... -Dietary butter? Dietary butter, there's a butter diet now? I quote. Slice it like cheese and put it on toast. -Place your bids? -1,000 krone. -1,000 krone. -Oh, s***, we're doing it in krone? No, we're not doing it in krone, I don't have a calculator here. I'm doing it in krone. 1,000 krone is about 100 quid, I think. Yeah, that's more or less 100 quid, so… 1,000 krone! I'm going to say the equivalent of 25 quid. I was going to say 100 quid, but he's already got that, so let's say £150 or 1,500 krone. Gary is correct, £32 for a small pack of butter. Hang on, 32 quid for a pack of butter? Yeah. It's about the same as you pay in Saino's now for Lurpak. So why did this not get resolved by... by the free hand of capitalism? Because the free hand of capitalism had too much butter on it, it was all slippy and couldn't grip it. They could pass the butter but they couldn't pick up the corners. Just sliding out of their hands. I think the butterfingers of capitalism has just summed up everything that's wrong with the world, Gary. I'm giving, yeah, you know what... Mystery Biscuits. Hey! Actual satire. Why did they not just import more butter? -Tariffs. -Yes. 'Cos… 'cos not in EU. -Yes. -Topical. Hold on everybody, Radio 4, Radio 4, get the... get the big reel to reel recorders running, we're coming. Yes, tariffs on butter, there was a deficit of 500 to 1,000 tons of butter in the country. Just one shipping container. That they can see over the border in... ...Sweden? Norway? -Yeah. -Yeah. That is a land border. Yes. (Thank you.) I'm all a bit hazy around that region, I don't know who's next to what. Surely that affected Sweden as well because the weather should be similar around there, right? You say that, what did some Swedes do? Did they taunt them on the border by eating really thickly buttered toast? -I'd do that. -I would actually, yeah. To Lancashire! Post butter over the border? -Try and make... -Smuggle, butter smugglers! Yes. What's in the van? "Nøt bütter." A number of individuals were apprehended by the authorities for attempting to smuggle butter across the border, whilst Swedes posted online adverts offering to drive butter to Norwegians. Did they get around the customs by greasing their palms? Hey! No. A Danish television show also broadcast something. Television. I need to learn to be more specific with my questions. Did they just have some slow TV, Norway style, but of just butter melting in a kitchen somewhere? Someone's just watching going, "What a waste." Sad chefs with empty pans go looking with big puppy dog eyes. And going, "If only I had some butter." Do you know what, yes, they broadcast a satirical emergency appeal to send butter. This isn't a joke, there are people without butter in this country. They gathered 4,000 packs to be distributed to butter starved Norwegians. -Bloody hell. -Really. There's a lot of very dark stuff in here, but there is also the Ark of Taste. What? Is that like the Ark of the Covenant but with… with tasty treats? "Don't look at it! It's full of...!" The butter just comes flying out, fried foods. "I'm melting!" But it's butter, it's all just butter. Is it an institution kind of thing that is a... a catalogue of national tastes? So would it have the fermented fishy canny thing in it? Almost, there's one word you're missing in there, which is, yes, it's a catalogue of international foodstuffs and tastes and things like that. Extinct. Nearly. You're not longer culturally dying out like Welsh died out, that sort of thing... That'll do, endangered heritage foods. So is it all stuff that people either can't be arsed to make any more, they've decided it's not good for you and it's gone out of fashion kind of stuff and then everyone's forgotten about it? Yeah, pretty much, it may not be forgotten about, but it could be. Or rules have presented it being done like unpasteurised milk, that kind of thing. Does anyone want to name some of the things that are in the United Kingdom section of the articles, just in terms of categories, if not exact things, what are we famous for historically? Cornish pasties? No, they're fine, aren't they? There's loads of those, there was one on York Station this morning. Just lying there abandoned, sad music playing over the top of it. Some kind of cheese? Yeah, it's mostly cheeses and grains, that’s… that's the history of Britain right there. What a great duo they were: cheese and grains. -And potatoes. -Potatoes, really? -Potatoes. -Any specific famous potatoes you might know? King Edward? Maris Piper? You're just naming potatoes now. That's what you asked us to do. -What we're looking for here… -What, an individually famous potato? What we're looking for here is the pointless answer. The Koh-i-Noor potato that sat in the royal crown up until 1640, until the English Civil War the middle of the English crown had a f***ing spud in it. Jersey Royal, apparently... How are they endangered? It is listed here as being this… this endangered thing. I smell bulls***. Not in there. Not in there, not in there sadly, there is old Gloucester beef. Old Gloucester beef is just an argument in old Gloucester. Well, you enjoyed it. Not to be confused with a double Gloucester beef when there's only one piece of cheese left, And you can't decide who wants it. Come on Radio 4, come on, this is good. We also have under food politics, the British Restaurant. That from World War… I saw, sorry, I saw your face go there. -Ding! -That was the face of Gary going, "I have remembered an archive fact." Can I just say, readers, there's a... one of my things I'd like to get out on this… -Did you just call them readers? -Yes. They may be reading. They're that bored they've all got a book out. Not every fact comes from intelligent things, this is from Dad's Army. The British Restaurant was a national restaurant in the Second World War, that sold cheap and… cheap and good food to people. -Yes, -Not just soldiers. Absolutely right. It was a government... it was originally a community feeding centre. -then Winston Churchill came along and… -Why did they change the name? Yeah, Winston Churchill came along and decided that British Restaurant was a better name. "The British Restaurant." "We're serving brandy and you can have a large plate of brandy." "And some cheese." We also have the category here in Wikipedia of butter. There is an entire article on Lurpak, there is also an entire article on someone called Norma Lyon - L-Y-O-N. She's an American farmer and an artist. Who painted in butter or carved into butter. -Yes. -Like the Lurpak advert, remember it, this was in the 90s. Yes, born in Nashville, Tennessee, what kind of things did she carve out of butter? -President's faces. -Busts. Cubes. Bricks. Cathedrals. They're made of bricks, just made of bricks. Well, this was a specific thing at the Iowa state fair, and has been every year. -Corn. -It's... oh, it's very apt that you would carve this out of butter, it's almost… -A cow. -A cow. Yes. The Iowa state fair butter cow. That’s taking the piss a little bit, isn't it? Well, taking the milk, but you know. If you're taking the piss, something's gone very wrong with your butter, mate. Do they carve a specific cow or just the generic concept of cow? Eh? Oh, wow, Plato's World of the Buttery Cave. Eh, how does that work? Did they carve a cow or did they carve Daisy? Oh, right, so a specific cow or just like an outline of, you know, cows. Yeah So Daisy can look at butter Daisy made from Daisy's butter. No, it was a generic cow, but there were also some other topical things that were carved alongside it. A milk urn or whatever it's called. No, topical for whatever was going on in the world that year. A tank. -Well, it would have been World War 2. -What was the year? Basically every... what I have for a list here is everything since 1996. Every year since 1996 they've carved something out of butter? They've carved both a butter cow, that's been since 1911 and since '96 there's been something else there. -Tony Blair. -Spice Girls. We’ve both hit 1996 there. You see, what was weird was what I didn't get out in time was 'Mr Blobby', so I would've been about '96. I think we were in Britain in 1996, weren't we? No, some of the things include Tiger Woods, when he... when he won the golf. -Bill Clinton. -A saxophone, something that's definitely just a cigar? -Yes. -Ah. No, that... that year... What year was that? Good grief. That would be about 99, no, 97, it will have been around 96, 97. No, an American eagle was there that year. America. And in 2007, Harry Potter. -Of course. -Wow! -Harry Butter. -Hairy butter? -Hairy butter? -Send it back to the cow. Alright, there was one last thing I want to talk about in the category of butter. The great sentences of our time! This is the butter episode, and I would like us to talk… The butter episode. About artificial butter flavouring. Eurgh, just don't. God, you sound like this chair at an agricultural conference, "There is... and finally, delegates, there is one thing I would like to talk about, "the scourge of artificial butter flavouring." "Crusty butterers." The thing is: it is a scourge. It is a scourge? A scourge is actually a pretty good word for this. Things that are calling themselves butter when they aren't really butter, but they've got pretend butter in them. Yeah, it's butter flavouring that goes into other stuff. "'Tis but-ter flavouring!" And that’s from the new BBC2 series, "William Shakespeare, food analyst". Including a very modern bit of technology. -VR. -iPhones! No, we're looking for something pretty modern, technology that's… that's used by a lot of people. Condoms. Buttery condoms. Oh, no. -No. -Hey, I've seen whiskey flavoured and smoky bacon flavoured ones in pubs, so that must be possible. Those are the crisps, Gary. The thing you're going to in the bathroom to get your crisps from, they're not crisps. Oh, that’s where the kid came from. This is something that is causing lung problems. -Fags. -Oh, vape! -Yes. -Buttery vape? Buttery vape, popcorn flavoured vape or butter and popcorn flavoured vape was a thing for a while. And now they are trying to sell it without these chemicals in. But that... that is vaporising some liquid, so can you just put butter in it? Use aerosol butter, yeah. Or spreadable, that's more liquefied, isn't it? Yes, yeah, yeah, more oils though, you've got to be careful. I don't think inhaling actual butter is a... is any better than inhaling diacetyl fumes. Ah, but is it tastier? There's only one way to find out, folks. Smash cut. And why didn't that flavouring, that margarine, everything like that, why didn't that solve the Norwegian butter crisis? Because it's dreadful. Yes, that is actually the case. Well, margarine, if you've ever seen it in its natural form, is really unappetising, just a grey lump, isn't it? It is coloured yellow so it looks more like butter, and therefore appetising. Yeah, you're absolutely right, margarine was such a poor substitute by Norwegian standards, that they went out and bought the butter instead. I have lower standards than Norway. And what year was this? 2011. Oh, so that was still when you could get reasonable butter substitute? Yeah, because... It's still... it is still definitely a substitute? It is still definitely a substitute and that was why there was smør-panik, butter panic in Norway. And that's what the Smiths song, 'Panic' is about. Panic in the streets of Oslo? Yeah, but Morrissey will be enjoying that because he's a vegan, he's known as a vegan, isn't he? I think what we’re learning here is that Morrissey caused the butter crisis. "Morrissey!" Matt, congratulations, Matt, you win the show. Yay! You win a chocolate bar shaped like a cartoon frog that is also the lead singer of a Queen tribute act. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off, I've got this. Gary? Freddo Mercury. And with that we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Gary Brannan, to Matt Gray. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you next time.
I am not inside a fusion reactor. It'd be wonderful if I was, the Joint European Torus reactor here at Culham Centre for Fusion Energy is behind some blast doors just a few metres away, but that's not really somewhere humans are meant to go. Not even for maintenance: it's not really dangerous in the same way that current nuclear power plants are, but it contains toxic beryllium and low-level radioactive... stuff. This is the mockup version of the reactor, used for training. And by the way, if the camerawork here seems a little bit odd, that's because it's being done by... well, here. Meet my camera operator. Say hi! I was going to say that my camera operator is a robot, but that's not strictly true either. This isn't a robot, it can't carry out anything automatically: instead, it's a remote handling arm. Basically, it's an extension of John over in the control room. It's not as versatile as a human arm, but it's got enough degrees of freedom. You are actually there, at that point, and not detached from it in a control room. You don't even realise you're doing it. You're actually thinking about the job as you're there, and you're imagining all the components around you. Certainly from the views, we have a VR model as well, which gives us good detail, so from that you actually work at the coalface imagining that the items are there right next to you. It's got very good feedback. Even down to something as thick as a layer of tape. If you were to put that on a smooth surface and run the grip across it you'd be able to feel that level of detail. We have to service the ceiling as well, so the transporter will drive the manipulator upside down and up into position so the operator stays in this position, but gravity changes. So we have to teach the operators to deal with that as well. There are all sorts of cool technologies for remote presence that could be used one day. Virtual reality. Gesture recognition. 3D cameras. All of which would be great: if they work reliably, every time, and if they'll still work and be supported after 10, 20 or 30 years of use in a radioactive environment. This system can't be experimental, it can't be risky, because the only way to fix or upgrade this robot arm inside a reactor is to send in a human. You don't take risks for something like this: you use something that is known to work safely. And I did ask whether I could have a go controlling the remote handling arm. For all those same reasons, the answer was yes... but very, very slowly. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Old Royal Naval College in Greenwich. The World Heritage listed site that most Americans and let's be honest, most Brits, know as "that place that got blown up in Thor 2". But that blowing up would have been a heck of a lot different if it'd happened a couple of decades earlier. See for many years this was a working Royal Navy training base. That's why it's got the name: "Old Royal Naval College" That's not centuries ago. There were sailors being trained here up until the mid 90s. And, well, the Royal Navy has nuclear submarines. Nuclear submarines have nuclear reactors. Nuclear reactors need people to run them and so what do you do, if you are the Royal Navy and you need sailors to run your nuclear reactors? Well, you build a nuclear reactor in the basement of a 17th century building just miles from the centre of London. Seriously, right here, somewhere in this complex, somewhere in the basement of this, the King William building, there was a working nuclear reactor for many years, from 1963 to the mid 90's. At the time when Greenwich called itself a nuclear free zone. This area was specifically exempted. And, why was there no outcry? Well, first of all not many people knew about it. The Royal Navy is quite good at operational security and secondly, well, despite the words "nuclear reactor" being quite scary it was only a tiny reactor. It produced 10 kilowatts that's enough to power about five electric kettles. I mean the amount of fuel and waste it produced are actually pretty tiny. There would never have been a Chernobyl here. But, well if Thor had invaded a couple of... I don't know what Thor did, I-- I haven't seen the movie. If Thor would have invaded a couple of decades earlier, who knows? There might have been a bit more radioactivity, to power his hammer- I-- like I said, I haven't seen the movie, I don't know what happened. This is the first videos powered by the things you sent in. Thank you very much David and Olly who tipped me off about the reactor in the middle of Greenwich. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
There's an idea in science called the null hypothesis. And it works like this: when you're setting out to prove a theory, your default answer should be, "It's not going to work," and you've got to convince the world otherwise through clear results. So in my last video, while I was trying to talk to a camera up on that zero-g flight, the student researchers all through the rest of the plane, who were physicists, psychologists, chemists, electrical engineers, all of them were trying to disprove their null hypothesis. We want to see if brain-computer interfaces can be used for very extreme situations, such as space. and that zero-g or weightlessness will not really interfere with the signalling, and if it does, how can we filter it out? In the flights, the participants are going to play a game called "shoot-the-alien" and they'll do so with their brain activity. Simply put, they'll just think of movements and not actually move and by thinking of that movement, they'll control a little cannon on a screen. If I really move my right hand, I get a certain brain signal but if I imagine moving my right hand, I get the exact same brain signal. That means that I can learn a computer how to respond to those brain signals even if I'm not really doing anything at all. That's why it's usable for people who are actually paralysed or suffer from other types of illnesses. We're not actually reading someone's mind but we're measuring their brain signals. We have a cap, which has 64 electrodes to actually measure those brain signals through the skull, and through a special gel that we put in. The cap is actually quite comfortable once it's on. You don't actually feel it anymore so it's just measuring there. It's not going to bother them. At least we hope it's not! In theory, getting a negative result is a good thing. And for the BrainFly team, that would be brain activity in microgravity being too different for the system to detect. Now, as long as the equipment worked, that isn't a failure. That just means your idea has been proven wrong. That's still a step forward. But, in practice, humans don't work that way. It's called publication bias. Negative results are less likely to be written up by scientists, less likely to be published by journals and less likely to make it out to the rest of the world. The media doesn't care if nothing's changed. Scientific institutions have limited money and getting flashy, amazing results that generate lots of press coverage... oh, that's good for your career. So if you're putting all that time and money in, there is still a stigma that, if you get a negative result, you have somehow failed. We do hope to publish. We hope to get, maybe at least, four papers actually, because we all have different thesis subjects on it. In the best case scenario, everything works perfectly. The BCI's still controllable, the data's not noisy, all nine participants give perfect data. That's the dream result. My ideal result is actually this little tiny brain signal called a P300, which is a positive peak in your electrical signal. So what I think and what I hope is that microgravity, the moment when you're weightless, may result in a slight cognitive enhancement. So up there, in those 20 second bursts of microgravity, those researchers tried to disprove their null hypothesis. For BrainFly, that is: is our brain activity comparable in zero G? Can you still use a brain-computer interface if you're in orbit? In a few decades, could astronauts doing space walks use their minds to control equipment? I'm not going to tell you. You can look it up when they all publish their papers because the achievement is the same, regardless of the results. Science has taken one small step forward, no matter whether they disprove their null hypothesis or not. Nah, I'm just kidding, they got the results they wanted. If you're a masters or PhD student from an ESA member state, and you want to be one of the people behind me, then have a look at the Fly Your Thesis program. The link is in the description!
In New Zealand, one-lane bridges are a common enough thing that tourists are warned about them. The rules are simple. Approach with care, go slowly, and if there's someone coming the other way then sometimes there are signs that'll tell you who has priority. There is an exception to that rule in just a couple of places, though, which is that, regardless of what those signs say... [train horn] always let the train go first. - Dunedin Railways started operating in the 1990s and we run a tourist train business. We cart about 80-90,000 passengers a year. The route is 154km return from Dunedin and follows a river gorge up through the Taieri River up onto the Strath Taieri plain. The scenery is spectacular, how they built it. They started in 1879, it was completed in 1891, all by hand. It is a challenging route. It's really up and down. - Just to be clear, this isn't a tram, or a trolley bus, or light rail, this is an actual train running on the street here, because that was a better option than trying to build a second bridge on a very quiet road. Technically, I guess this is just a very strangely shaped level crossing? And there are a few other bridges like this around the world, but almost all of them have lights and sirens and barriers to keep cars separated when there's a rain approaching. Here, you just take care and listen out for the train horn. - When the road bridge further up the river failed, they made the rail bridge a road bridge. There used to be a lot more in the country. It was a cheap option, why build two bridges when you can build one? They were mainly built in less populated areas because trains and cars don't usually combine very well(!) so you wouldn't build them in the cities. But the cars just have to follow the road rules. There's stop signs at either end of the bridge and you don't do line speed going up onto a road-rail bridge, you're doing 10kph, blowing the whistle and all that sort of thing. Hindon Road-Rail Bridge is really there only to give access to two sheep stations, so there's not that much traffic on it. Rarely you come across a car anyway. The train is going at a speed that it can stop pretty easily, and usually the cars have to back up. We've never had a problem on a road-rail bridge. Level crossings are worse.
I'm about to step onto brand new land. And admittedly, yes, it is a little bit underwater right now because, well, that river there is in flood. But 50 years ago, this would've been open water and I would've been jumping off this boat up to my neck. And yes, I was extremely nervous about that little jump [laughs] 'cause that's the first time I came off here. But yeah, this is the Wax Lake Delta. 50 years ago: no trees, no plants, nowhere to put your feet, I would've been swimming, on a coastline that's famous not for building up but for eroding. And to explain why, we have to go just a little bit inland. The Mississippi River is so murky and brown because it's filled with silt and sediment. Throughout history, roughly every thousand years or so, deposits of that sediment build up enough that the river basically blocks itself and then takes a different and steeper route to the ocean, at least until silt builds up on that new route and the river moves again. That massive and relatively sudden change is called an avulsion. And avulsions were fine until modern times, when the industry that you can hear and the livelihoods of untold numbers of people rely on the river being exactly where it is. But in the past, every time that humans have tried to fix the rivers around here, there have been unintended consequences. We built levees like this one to protect towns like Baton Rouge here, but they make the river flow faster and higher because all the water is now concentrated into one channel. And because they restrict water flow, they move the flooding upstream, which means the next neighbourhood over has to build their levee higher to deal with it. There are regulations to prevent 'levee wars', when communities have to keep building their levees higher because their neighbours are doing the same. Those regulations aren't always followed. And downstream, levees mean that instead of a wider river during floods, you get a faster river, eroding away those silt and sediment deposits, literally washing away the land that it once created. And now, the river doesn't flood as much, so the ground next to it dries out and settles and sinks. Louisiana's coastline is disappearing. In 2011, government cartographers retired 35 placenames, taking them off the maps because those islands and bays just don't exist anymore. They're just open water. But there is one place on the coastline, a couple of hours south of Baton Rouge, where land is appearing again, and that is also an unintended consequence, which brings us back to where I was standing at the Wax Lake Delta. - The Wax Lake Outlet is a channel off the Atchafalaya River. The Atchafalaya River is a channel off the Mississippi. So, a channel off a channel off the Mississippi River. [thunder booms] Excuse me, I heard a little thunder. - Okay, no, we-- - Let's get out of here. - The Wax Lake Outlet was built in the early 1940s and it was designed to pull water off the Atchafalaya River and reduce flood stress on Morgan City. One of the unintended consequences was the development of a delta at the mouth of the Wax Lake Outlet. And so, the Wax Lake Outlet and the Atchafalaya River carries a lot of sediment, and then when it gets to the coast, the river flow slows down and all of the sediment in the river settles out. We're talking tens of millions of metric tonnes of sediment every year. This is solid enough land that you can walk on it and you can stand on it. Louisiana has lost nearly 2,000 square miles' worth of land over the last century, and there's a large effort to rebuild the coast. A big part of that effort is to try to partially divert the flow of the Mississippi River to create new deltas that are like the Wax Lake Delta. And so, people like myself want to study the Wax Lake Delta so we understand how deltas build so we can better design coastal restoration projects. It's important to restore the coast, one, to push back the sea to enhance flood protection in Louisiana, and it's also a place where you could potentially bury carbon. We have too much CO2 in the atmosphere, and highly productive deltas like the Wax Lake may be one of those places where we can do that. I often feel like the numerical models that we have to understand the coast are pretty darn good. The much more difficult thing to model is to understand people and how people are going to behave with this changing coast. And I feel like, that, we barely even know the equations. We don't necessarily know even what the rules are to govern how do people deal with a stressful changing environment. - So, yes, it's still wet underfoot here right now because this whole area's still in flood. But that just means there's more mud, more sediment being deposited. This land is going to be a couple of centimetres higher and this coastline is going to be just a little bit safer. I've sunk about an inch into the mud and it's gone in my shoes. It's in my shoes. Right, I should totally have gone with the sandals. [laughing] [grunts] All right.
You may already have heard of the Tree That Owns Itself. It's had a Wikipedia article since 2006. There are lots of news articles about it, and a Tumblr post that has, as I record this, more than 800,000 notes. Not views, notes. And there are already a lot of YouTube videos about this. Someone visits this tree in Athens, Georgia, and tells the story of how a local landowner with fond childhood memories wrote a legal document bestowing the tree's ownership onto itself sometime in the early 19th century. And then, they'll go into a discourse about how, under the actual law, there's no legal basis for that so the ownership is unclear. And then they'll talk about how everyone just agrees to behave like it is the law, even though this oak tree isn't even actually the same tree? The original one fell in the 1940s and was replaced. And finally, they'll talk about how all law is ultimately based on the social contract that each of us follows. What they don't talk about is the other tree that owns itself, which is about 200 miles that way. In the city of Eufaula, just over the border into Alabama, there is another oak tree with a nearly-identical story. It was a city landmark. The local council bestowed the tree's ownership onto itself, and everyone just rolled with it. And when the tree eventually fell in a storm, a new one was put here, and everyone just agreed that it counted as the same tree. But this tree does not have a Wikipedia article. It isn't even referenced on the other tree's article, at least not as I record this. There aren't dozens of YouTube videos about it. Information about this tree has been buried under all the search results and news articles dedicated to the tree over in Georgia. For some reason, that one has better publicity. Maybe it's because that one was first, by about a century, but given that both of them were deeded decades before the internet, I'm not sure that's too much of an advantage. More likely, it's the same reason that many different ideas take off while others don't: it's all about who you know. The tree in Georgia is in a big college town, home to the University of Georgia, and home to students who will arrive from out of town, learn the story, and then leave. Eufaula, here? While it's a really pretty city, it has a fraction of the population and no big reason for out-of-towners to visit. Stories don't tend to spread as well from places like this. Heck, maybe there are other trees out there in other small towns where the same thing's happened, but I couldn't find any references to them under all the noise made by the one that everyone noticed. If you want a metaphor for how success on the internet and, heck, anywhere works, then these trees are it: it's not always about how good your story is. It's about how many people are willing and able to pass it on.
A friend of mine's brother was Mr Wimpy. Wait, what? In the Huddersfield branch of Wimpy, he was Mr Wimpy. Is that like a mascot costume? Yes, it's like a beefeater, but his eyes are obscured by the hat. But you look through the mouth, just mark you. But what happened was, he wasn't allowed to talk at all, that was one of the strict rules. Mr Wimpy must never talk to anyone, because obviously you don't want this weedy 15-year-old accent coming through. "Hi, 'appy birthday!" That kind of thing. But what happened was he tripped up on the way down the stairs to a kids' party, rolled down and the kid just hoofed him in the head for five solid minutes. You try not screaming while dressed as Mr Wimpy. Apparently quite difficult. I was going to go off on one about, like, costume characters and how that- I can't beat a kid hoofing Mr Wimpy in the face. I really can't. While the guy screams silently within. Now there's a metaphor in there, I'm pretty sure. Doesn't a friend of ours still have a £20 Wimpy voucher that he won? Whoa, really? He started… Sorry - 2,000 pence. Yes, I think he did some "banter" with them on Twitter and they decided to send him a voucher and he hasn't got around to spending it, because there aren't that many Wimpys… There aren't. Particularly not near him. And he did once go up to the place, look at it and just go, "I can't."
Sometimes I go to a place and I tell stories. But occasionally, I go somewhere and find not just stories but a really good storyteller. In the grounds of Alnwick Castle, in the north of England, is Alnwick Garden. It’s not quite as old as the castle, that’s been here about 900 years or so, but it is just as impressive. Inside is one of the world’s largest wooden treehouses, beautiful water features and also... this. The slightly less conventional Alnwick Poison Garden. Welcome to the Poison Garden. All the plants in here have the ability to kill you, so you’re not allowed to touch or smell or stand too close to them. This is Ricinus communis and you can see that it has very architectural leaves, but the issue with it is that you can, under laboratory environments, take out ricin. Ricin is the deadliest poison known to man. Here we have Atropa belladonna, deadly nightshade, a native plant to the UK. These flowers that you can see here will produce a black grape-like berry. Four of those berries are enough to kill a child. Very toxic indeed. In Italy, especially around Venice, the ladies used to squeeze the berries to get the juice and then use the juice to put in their eyes to dilate their pupils to make them look more attractive to gentlemen. Because it’s toxic, slowly you start to lose your vision. What you do for vanity. Ruta graveolens, again, a very common plant that you can actually buy from garden centres, yet it is phototoxic which means that if you get the sap onto your hands, then in bright sunlight your skin will start to blister. Once that chemical is in your system, it will stay in that system for up to seven years. Now, we had a senior gardener who came into the Poison Garden and happened to see a weed growing out of this plant, so without putting her gloves on she took the weed out. Within an hour, she started to form blisters on her hand and she ended up with third degree burns. This plant is called Aconitum napellus. It’s very common. It’s often called monkshood. The whole of the plant is very toxic. Two years ago, there was a head gardener down in Surrey who unfortunately was working with this plant and he died a few days later, and they put that down to the toxins from the plant. Here we have a very common plant again. This is laurel, used often as hedging. The issue with laurel is that it will produce cyanide and in fact, Victorians used to use leaves of these plants. Cut in two, popped in a jam-jar with the butterflies that they’d captured, screw on the lid and the butterfly would die naturally because of the cyanide poisoning. Now, this plant you can buy from garden centres, a very common pot plant, it’s called Brugmansia and the whole of the plant is toxic. It’s often called the Angel’s Trumpet. It’s an hallucinogenic plant so you can use it in all sorts of ways. In fact, Victorian ladies would grow the Brugmansia on their tea tables and then invite ladies around for afternoon tea. What they would then do is in the tea pot, shake some of the pollen which would go into the tea and then the ladies would to start to loosen their tongue slightly and talk about all sorts of nonsense. We have a licence from the Home Office to grow cannabis. So we have it here in a cage. Obviously, it’s a Class C drug. We use this plant to start to introduce to children all about the harmful effects of drugs. This is Henbane. It produces very peculiar flowers that give off a very pungent scent. The scent is so strong that often here we get people collapsing, that’s why we’ve got the bench next to the wall. Mandragora, or Mandrake as it’s commonly known, a very popular plant now because of the Harry Potter phenomenon. The whole of the plant is poisonous. Historically, people used to think that there was a live little man underneath the plant, because if you dug the plant up, the actual tap root would often have two little legs and a little arm and so people imagined that it was the devil himself. Often people said they could hear the plant screaming as it was pulled up, and so a lot of myth and legend grew up around the Mandrake. The Duchess of Northumberland is the inspiration of the whole of this garden. When she became Duchess, she had a vision to create a modern, contemporary garden that would educate visitors. So the Duchess then realised: children especially don’t want to listen to talks on herb gardens because they switch off. If you can tell them that the plants are actually poisonous and have the ability to kill you, then you have the imagination of that child. Thank you very much to all the team at Alnwick Garden, and to Trevor in particular! If you want to know more about the gardens or the castle, pull down the description.
For a few hours in May 2016, for the first time in more than a century, Britain was burning zero coal to generate electricity. None at all. All the coal-fired power plants were turned off. And this here is one of the reasons why. Welcome to the Griffin Wind Farm in Scotland. 68 turbines, more than 150 megawatts of capacity. And the turbines rotate and trim the blades to track the wind in real time. At full output, this can power entire cities just from the wind. But as the world moves to renewable energy, we’ve got a little bit of a problem. Because coal, oil, gas, and nuclear stations are basically just giant boilers. They take water, they heat it up, that turns to steam, the steam gets forced through a massive turbine which rotates and generates power. When I say turbine, I don’t mean like the blades here, I mean hundreds of tonnes of steel rotating thousands of times a minute. And all those turbines, all around the grid, rotate in sync with each other. After gearing, they all move at 50 cycles a second. 60 in America. All perfectly in time: one slows down, they all slow down. One speeds up, they all speed up. And that is what stops your lights from constantly flickering. Because electricity supply has to always match demand, pretty much exactly. There isn't a battery in the world big enough to store power on a national scale. So if a power station suddenly falls off the grid for some reason, then where’s that supply going to come from? And the answer is the kinetic energy that’s already in those turbines, in that spinning thousands of tonnes of steel around the country. Homes and factories will literally suck the kinetic energy out of that turbine to cover the gap, starting to slow it down. But that won’t cause a problem for 60 seconds or so, and in that time the National Grid Control Centre will, I don’t know, throw another nuclear rod on the barbie and up the power output from other stations. They'll cover the demand. But, well, that relies on having enough rotational mass, enough system inertia, as it’s called. And here, in this turbine? Well, you can see. There’s no hundreds of tonnes of spinning steel, just some blades, a bit of metal, and some circuitry that feeds the power into the grid at the right frequency. If the whole grid were running on just wind and solar, there's no rotational mass. There's no grid stability. The minute that supply and demand mismatch, breakers would trip, and the whole thing would fall apart. Now there are some possible solutions to this. Pumped hydro storage has been around for a while, which is where you have two lakes at different heights. When you’ve got too much power, you pump water up, and when you’ve got not enough, you drop it back down again through generators. But that takes seconds or minutes to kick in. There’s also some experiments going on with things like molten glass storage, compressed air storage, and flywheels, but they’re all experimental at the minute and not particularly efficient. The actual solution may come from somewhere a little unexpected. Because yes, wind is replacing coal and oil, but it’s also replacing petrol, the gasoline that you put in your car. And as more and more and electric cars get connected to the grid, well, you’ve got a load of quite large batteries with computers. Your car could sell power back to the grid in real-time, second by second, as it’s needed. Combine that with smart appliances and meters that can watch the grid and work out when would be the best time to turn on your air-conditioning and fridge is, and you have a grid that does a lot of the balancing itself. Yes, we will probably always need a turbine somewhere, some big spinning mass of steel to cover the little glitches second to second, but the solution to balancing a power grid is not what we thought it was 20 years ago. It’s not big, monolithic batteries. It’s millions of small ones up and down the country. Thank you very much to all the team from SSE who have helped get me, and my team, up on top of this wind turbine. I am incredibly grateful. They have gone above and beyond to help out, so please, have a look at the links in the description for more about them, and about the Griffin Wind Farm. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Chris Joel! Why am I rushing? -Ooh s***! -Run! Run! Quicker! faster! Here we go, here we go, here we go. I'm sorry, I'm just too… Oh, for f***... Yay! And the bounciest… "The bounciest., 'Ra, ha...'" It's Bob Fleming. -The i... -I think throwing dogs into the sky would work better. That means the dogs will be further away from me as well, so I'd be happy. I'm not a dog person, I'm… I killed that. -What year did I say earlier? -2016 you said. -I think it was earlier, wasn't it? -It was, I need to re-say that. Why might the Chinese have fired 1,000 rockets into the evening sky in 2008? That's fine, that will get put in later and it won't look like I screwed that up at all. Only these people will know. Kill them.
I'm in Basel, in Switzerland. The river Rhine runs through here, and if you want to get across it, then there are four ferries. I mean, there are bridges as well, but the ferries keep going as a tourist attraction, as tradition, and for some folks, an actual way to get where you want to go. Also occasionally a fondue restaurant, because Switzerland. But these ferries have no paddles, no oars, no engines, nothing on board to power them. Put them in the open ocean or a lake and they'd just drift. And yet here, they move. So here's how they work: there is a wire strung across the river and the ferry is connected to it. There's a little thing called a traveler that goes back and forth smoothly. The ferry does have a rudder for steering, so when it's time to cross, the captain angles the boat against the current, and uses the force of the river itself to push the boat across. Without that cable, it'd drift downstream, fast. But since it can't, it just crosses the river instead. No gasoline, no human effort, just the force of the river. Boats like this are called reaction ferries, and there are examples all over the world. Sometimes the design's a little different, but the principle is always the same. I only learned about them a few weeks ago, and in hindsight, they seem incredibly obvious. You have an object that needs energy sitting on top of a massive, constant energy source just waiting to be harnessed. But if you'd asked me how to connect those two things before I knew the answer, then my first thought would probably have been some overcomplicated, overengineered plan like putting a waterwheel on the side of the river and then using that cable to send power to an electric motor on the boat. I mean, there is a hydroelectric dam not far away. I'd like to think that I'd have worked it out eventually, but I'd have probably missed the easy option to start with. To anyone who grew up in a place with these ferries, it's a really obvious idea. But to everyone else, it's an invention we've never thought of. To be fair, this is only a good solution in a few places. You need a strong, fast, steady river, like the Rhine, at a place where it isn't tidal, and where it isn't particularly seasonal either. But if I've missed that, then the obvious follow-up question is, well: what else have I missed? And is there anything out there that every single human has missed? Maybe there is still some big, obvious-in-hindsight stuff out there that'll change the world... just as soon as someone thinks of it.
I am about to cross a road, and here is something you might not know: In Britain, there are special crossings for horses. Not kidding. Because what I'm on is technically known as a 'bridleway'. It's a footpath that horses and riders can use as well. So here we have a special button-- there's one up there as well for if you're already mounted on your horse-- and a special staging area, that I'm currently standing in, in which horses can wait before the lights change and they are able to cross the road that way. And here is the best part: the best part is the name, because in Britain we have Pelican crossings, ""Pedestrian Light Controlled" they're the normal ones. And then they came up with Toucan crossings, because they were for pedestrians and bikes, so "two-can" cross there. Then they came up with Puffin crossings-- I can't remember why they're called that-- but they're the ones with the special cameras and lights, like those up there-- that will track pedestrians as they cross and not stop the traffic any more than they have to. And then, because all those are named after flying things: we have this, which is a Pegasus crossing. And that is something you might not know. [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm in Bristol, a port town in the South West of England. You see this plaque? Remember this plaque -- It's going to be important in a minute -- because what this plaque and its counterpart commemorate is the fact there is very literally, a bit of this city in New York. Same plaque, different location, here at Waterside Plaza in New York. See, here, on the East River, is a lot of landfill. Originally this whole section was a bit further away from the water, but in World War II, American supply ships went to Bristol, found that it was almost completely bombed out and, well, they needed something to help weigh them down on the way back across the Atlantic, so they literately took the rubble -- the stone, the brick of bombed out Bristol – loaded it onto their ships, took it back here, and then just dumped it in the East River. This little bump on the map, right here – this entire housing development which has the same 60's and 70's square brick architecture as Bristol because they were built at the same time – this development here, and for a few streets either way, is literally built on the rubble of Bristol. I am standing on a bit of England, here, in New York City. Something you might not have known. [Translating this video? Add your name here if you'd like credit!]
Those big round things behind me are gasometers Or at least they were, now they're deactivated, disused, and awaiting demolition. But there used to be one or more of these in every town and every city up and down Britain. This was when gas was not a thing piped in from the North Sea and beyond but instead something that was made in a gasworks by burning coal and that gas would be stored inside these Now that blue one is a bit special, it had a piston that would go up and down inside depending on how much gas needed to be stored. But those scaffolding ones there they are currently empty and so the tank is down in the ground But it would telescope up - be pushed up by the pressure of the gas inside it in order to store however much needed to be in there. And they would rise and fall throughout the day, the gas works would spend day and night generating gas steadily the gasometer would rise And then, in the evening as people turned on most of their cookers, but perhaps their heating as well that gas would be pushed out of it, and it would steadily fall down to the ground. But now, well, they're not needed any more because that's a really inefficient way to store gas with modern technology, all the gas that would be in there can be stored in a 50 meter stretch of high pressure pipeline underground. So, there aren't that many left, they've been steadily demolished ever since the turn of the 20th century, perhaps a little earlier. And now there are very few left. What aren't up for demolition are either listed or protected buildings or aren't long for this world. So they are a bit of Britain's industrial heritage that we will soon be saying goodbye to forever, But in the meantime, if there's still one near you, well, that's what it used to be used for. Say goodbye because it probably won't be around for long. That's a gasometer, and that is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This used to be RAF Graveley, a Royal Air Force base near Cambridge. Now, it's a farm and some wind turbines, but in the 1940s aircraft would set off from here to fight in Europe. And, they hoped, they'd be able to safely land back here as well. The problem with that was the fog. Or, rather, smog: all the soot and air pollution from domestic coal fires combined with fog to make an incredibly thick "pea soup". It's never seen in modern Britain because we don't burn smoke-producing coal in every house any more. But back then, if that smog came in, even runway lights wouldn't get through it and there were no modern instruments to guide the air crews home. No way to take off, no way to land. How do you solve that? By setting enormous amounts of petrol on fire. This incredible photo shows a Lancaster bomber taking off from just behind me, more than 70 years ago. It looks like a movie stunt, but this was how wartime airfields boiled off fog. Set up enormous lines of petrol burners to heat up the air, vaporise all the liquid water droplets to make steam, which will rise out of the way and clear the air. The system was called FIDO. “Fog, Intensive, Dispersal Of.” There are demonstration films taken by the RAF on clear days, showing just how big and how visible this was. There's a report in The War Illustrated, published just after victory in Europe, that says that the glow from the fires was visible for miles. There was a bit of smoke when they started the system up, but once it got hot, the air could be so clear that people on the ground could see the stars. The catch was how expensive it was. A small Fido system burne 70,000 gallons of fuel an hour. One estimate says that in one foggy night over England, all the Fido systems in use would burn 20 million gallons of fuel. There's even a report all the extra heat pumped into the atmosphere triggered a thunderstorm. At the current price of jet fuel, as I record this, running a Fido system would cost about $200,000 per hour per runway. It was never used in peacetime: aircraft could just not take off instead and wait for the fog to clear, or divert to another airport if they were trying to land. But for the war effort, to let planes take off for battle in any weather and to save thousands of air crew lives who needed to land right now: it was worth it.
In the 1970s, during the Cold War, if you wanted to see if someone was launching an intercontinental ballistic missile at your country, you had two options: put a satellite in space -- which at that point was expensive, impractical, and likely to fail -- or build a radar system. But radar can only see to the horizon. It'll show you a missile in flight, but by the time you've seen it your chain of command might not have time to react. You'd need to know it's launched, when it's launched. You need radar powerful enough to bounce off the ionosphere, spread out for thousands of miles, and still have enough signal to be detectable after it bounces back. You need megawatts of power and one of the biggest radar arrays ever constructed. You need something like this. Welcome to the Duga-3 Array, in Chernobyl. This was known in the west as the Russian Woodpecker. For more than a decade, it randomly hopped shortwave frequencies, trying to find the best one to get a return signal, sending out a repetitive rat-t-t-t-t-t-t that sounded like a woodpecker. It was so powerful that countries around the world filed official complaints with the Soviet Union, and there was a small industry of "Woodpecker filters" or "Moscow mufflers" that would notch it out on your radio. There's another one about 60km away, they act as a pair: one transmits, one receives. And it needs to be this big to get any sort of resolution, so you can tell roughly -- very roughly -- where the missile's headed. But the really clever thing is how any radar system like this can tell the difference between a missile and the ground. Because this isn't like pointing a radar into the air: if you're bouncing the signal, then the ground is going to reflect back just as much as the missile that's flying above it. How do you tell the difference? Doppler effect. The same way that the siren on a police car moving towards you sounds higher, the radar reflections from a missile will be at a higher frequency. And missiles move at speeds measured in miles per second. So Duga didn't listen for the same frequency that its friend transmitted. It listened for a slightly higher one. If it found that return frequency, then -- well. It didn't happen. Fortunately, all that transmission power, all that disruption, was for nothing. Wonderfully. Because no-one ever launched, and somehow, despite everything, humanity got through the Cold War. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we’re playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it’s Chris Joel. Hello. Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. ♪ I’m in the old-fashioned bustle my grandmother wore! ♪ He is, you know. And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Willkommen, YouTube! In front of me, I’ve got an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding and there’s a special prize for particularly good answers, which is… And today, we are talking about the Sark football team. Okay. Island off Jersey! Yeah, have a point. Have a point for that straight away. - Do they play football? - Is it about their... aagh! Yeah, but American football. On a boat in Greenwich. - What? - What? Cutty Sark... No? Already? Shall I leave? Yes. Yes, Sark is part of the Bailiwick of Guernsey. Okay, fair enough. What are the Channel Islands? Let’s start really, really far out. Are they... some islands... in the English Channel, Tom? Yeah, you’re not getting a point for that. - What? - What? You’re not getting a point when I gave you the title! I don’t understand the question, then. There’s something special about, sort of, how they… Oh, are you asking me what they’re called? Oh, Jesus f***. There’s one called Jersey, there’s one called Guernsey, - Go on. - ...and there’s one called St Helen’s? No. - No. - St Helen’s is near Wigan! You’re thinking of St Helena, and that’s on the other side of the planet. Okay, yes... Alderney. Alderney is the other one, yes. Does one of them have a capital of St Helena of Guernsey? AUDIENCE MEMBER: Yes! Yes. I’m getting something right. That’s my job! And the thing is, you’re wrong, it’s Saint Helier. When you say, “What are the Channel Islands?” my standard answer is usually, “Occupied France.” Yes, and have a point. Absolutely, they were the only bit… Did you just give a point for that? Well, that’s one of the questions I was going to ask. They were the only bit of the United Kingdom, well, UK territory, that was actually taken by Germany in the Second World War. They were invaded in 1940, or ’41. I forget the year. I wasn’t there, why the f*** am I like that? Honestly. In 1940, but in terms of Britain, what are they? Crown territory. Yes. Have the point, they are a crown dependency, but they are not part of the United Kingdom. ♪ Tax haven, wider than a mile... ♪ Oh, sorry, I thought you were going for Goldfinger, there. - Same tune. - They are the same song. And they are the same people that live there! Is Sark the one where you don’t have any motor vehicles? Is it still bicycles and horses and carts? Oh, yes, absolutely right. Sark is the one where cars are banned. Ladies and gentlemen, the Gary Brannan General Knowledge Edition. The, “Gary’s mum and dad have been on holiday to the Channel Islands,” edition, and I sat through the photos. I need some slides... So was that just, “And this is not a car, and this is not a car, and this is not a car... “This looks like a car, but in the back... “very large hamster wheel.” “This looks like a car.” Pull up the bonnet: horse. Miniature horse? Yes. Oh, cracking, want one. Isn’t Sark one where it is technically still run by a lord? - Feudal. - Feudal, I think it is something like that. Oh, he’s getting all the points today, yes. He’s on home turf here, come on. Obscure crown territory facts, bring it on. It was considered the last feudal state in Europe until 2008, when they reformed it, but yes, that will... You own the island, therefore you own the people. Yeah, pretty much. Oh, please say they had a Communist revolution. I know they didn’t but, you know? - The horses. - A horsey uprising! 'The Reform', it’s referred to... That sounds more ominous than it ought t'be, really, doesn’t it? 'The Reform.' It is all capitalised. And if you didn’t like the idea, would that be Sark snark? Jesus. Yes? No, it’s sark-asm. When you’re negative about it. Oh, guys, that deserved more, sark-asm, it really did. There are a lot of old laws still in place. They didn’t have divorce until 2003. Was it separation of bed and table? I don’t know what that is. That is the way you could organise a form of divorce pre-divorce being allowed. You were allowed to live apart by the church courts. Mensa et thoro. Oh yeah, come on, it’s all in here somewhere! I mean, I'm... Because you’ve just basically told me the entire first paragraph of a completely different Wikipedia article I haven't loaded. So, yes. Third time in three shows, by the way. But how can you now get divorced on Sark? You can murder the other person. Not technically a divorce. I reckon that was always an option, you know, mate. Oh! Leave. Get divorced, come back. Yes. You can now get divorced in Guernsey and come back to Sark. “Those liberal Guernsey b******s,” they probably think. Having been out on islands like that, when I was on holidays a few years ago I went out to one of the Hebridean islands. I went to Coll, which is a similar kind of thing, very small island. They have a very slightly larger neighbour, Tiree, who they see as being stuck up, because A, they have the Co-op, and B, they have the policeman. And what happens is when the policeman gets on the boat to come over, they phone up the island, and everyone hides their non-registered cars and stuff until the policeman has left. And now you’ve just ratted all of them out. Yeah! Get over there, policeman from Tiree, come on! But by the time he’s got there, they’ll have hidden them again. Hidden the cars, yes. Somewhere on that island, the phone's just... “Oh, we said not to tell anyone!” “Gary, we told you...!” We briefly mentioned the economy, what is Sark’s economy driven by? Horses! Sarcasm. Tourism. Yes, and you also said that earlier, financial services. Eh, kids? It has... a low amount of tax, let’s say that. How long do you have to live there? It’s got to be over a number of years, probably. I’m guessing owning a tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of a bit of land counts as living there. Three months in a tax year. Okay, fair enough. If you’re there for 91 days, you’re good. You’re a resident, you get their tax laws if you want them. Don’t do this, I’m really crap at tax stuff. Do they have to be... I’m rapidly figuring out if I can do this, the answer is almost certainly no, but I’m thick as mince. Don’t let me near this. Just a sec. This means all your tax savings could be spent on getting a hovercraft there, and then you could get a hovercraft there, and that would be fun, because it’s a hovercraft. It is quite a long way away. Tom, Tom, Tom, please can I have a go on a hovercraft? What we’re saying is we all want a go on a hovercraft. And I think I can arrange that, but... Ooh! Smash cut to... I’m more worried about Matt’s tax advice system here, which is - “Yes, we can save you money for a hovercraft.” - Hovercraft, hovercraft, hovercraft. Like, it’s not the worst tax advice I’ve ever heard, but… If we did, we could do a show on a hovercraft, it would be ‘on air’, because it’s… It’s a golf clap. It’s a golf clap. It's a good four. I’m not biscuiting that. The legal system on Sark also has something called... er, I’m going to try and pronounce French again here, which is never great. Oh great. The Clameur de haro. Clammy arrows? Is that along the lines of the hue and cry for a criminal, or something like that? Oh, it’s connected to hue and cry. I’ll absolutely give you a point for that. Yes, for apprehending a felon, or something like that, no? Ah, not in this case, but what is the hue and cry? Hue and cry is an ancient thing where in a community you would be responsible for raising the hue and cry if someone had committed a crime and was passing through your community. It’s, “All pile on,” basically, in a legal term. Right, so it's like the law, but on a small island where the law operates like American football. This is not on Sark. I should point out for a hue and cry, all able-bodied men, upon hearing the shouts, were obliged to assist. Oh, that sounds like so much fun. This is the hue and cry, though, this is not Clameur de haro. A-r-r-o-w? No, h-a-r-o. Oh. This is kind of the opposite. This is not going to catch someone, this is to stop someone. Ignore someone. I was going to say, professionally ignoring crimes. Wait, tax haven! “Hovercraft, what hovercraft?” “It’s disguised as a barn, officer!” No, it’s disguised as a load of money. Is that a formal way of saying, “Geroff my land!”? Yeah, go on. It’s not, “Get off my land,” but yes, it is a formal Thing that you Do. This is annoying me, because I half know this. It’s some kind of judicial process where you effectively bring someone in front of the king to adjudge on a land case or something like that, isn’t it? It is, it's a very specific process. The procedure is performed on one’s knees. Steady everyone. Before at least two witnesses, in the presence of the wrongdoer, and in the location of the offence. All right? The Criant, the person complaining, with his hand in the air must call out, “Hear me, hear me, hear me. “Come to my aid, my prince, for someone does me wrong.” - Yes. - That’s a hell of a safe word. Try speaking that through the orange, yeah! Followed by reciting what well-known thing in French? Lord’s prayer. Yes, absolutely right. It’s been done recently, this. - Yes it has. - This is why I’ve heard of it, it’s because it’s in some kind of land dispute, and it’s something like a hedge or a garage or something like that, and the guy is basically on the verge of losing the case, and as one final, basically, legal dick move just dropped to his knees and did that. And everyone went, “Oh, s***, that’s still enforced.” That kind of thing. What happens after the Lord’s prayer is recited? What does the person they are challenging need to do? Based on what’s already gone before, presumably adopt a backwards crab position, walk in a circle on a full moon, but any other time of the year, you have to go completely rectilinear, and shout something, yeah, let’s go with Latin. It is significantly simpler than that. Most things are! There are people in this room with doctoral theses that were easier to complete than that. Do they just go, “Right”? Yes, that’s basically it. They just have to stop what they’re doing. Regardless of whether they are legally entitled to do it or not, if that is used they have to stop and it goes to adjudication. Wouldn’t you if someone got on their knees and did all of that? Yes, to be fair, yes. Yeah, but only to watch! As the bulldozer rumbled towards them, yes. And if you call without a valid reason, you pay a fine. If you call and, er... How much is the fine? I’m going to say this, is it one that’s been set a long time ago? Yeah, two guineas! It’s either ludicrously cheap, or ludicrously expensive. It doesn’t actually say. It just says, “a penalty”. Oh. You just have to take a free kick. Hang on, didn’t we start on the football team, like, 20 minutes ago? Yes. Where I was going to bring this back to in a little while, but we got onto the legal system of Sark at some point, so. Hold your horses! Yes! Thank you. What, they have to take a set of penalties, and it’s best of six or something? Yes, I’m going to pass it to you. Every time the other team scores, the entire Sark team does that. Well, that would be quite difficult. What’s the population of Sark, roughly? Don’t forget some of them are only there 91 days of the year. Well this is what I’m trying to factor in here. Though they probably send the butler to play for them. I was going to say something like 150, but when you count actual residents, if it’s so easy, it could be in the thousands. It’s about 600 people. So, as you can imagine, the Sark football team does not have a lot of people who are highly qualified to play football. - Correct. - Are any of them horses? The Sark football team are all human. Starting at base principles here. Who do they play against? Other football teams. Yes. I’m not giving you a point for that. (F*** you!) Oh, is it the Channel League? Anyone who wants to come over and play them. Hang on a minute. Hang on chaps, do we know seven other people? I’m getting an idea here. Yes, same. Hovercraft? From what I’ve heard of this team, do we need another 11-minus-4 people? Ah, good idea. You’re absolutely right, I’m going to give you a point for islands as well, because their international matches were in 2003. There's four of them listed here. They’ve done international matches? Against Gibraltar, the Isle of Wight, Greenland, and a place... I’m going to mispronounce the vowel in this, called Frøya. Frozen yoghurt? That’s ‘froyo’...! They lost 2-1! They lost to Sorbet United. Absolutely done over by Yop, yeah. So they had these four matches in 2003. How did they do? All conclusive losses. Yes. Boom. How conclusive? Very. Yes, I'm going to... Like, double digits. Yes. Was it because Gibraltar are a full nation now? So Gibraltar must have pasted at least 20, or something like that. 19-0, I’ll give you a point for that. It was 20-0 against the Isle of Wight. 20! Full FIFA member, Isle of Wight, love it. Greenland, 16-0 against Sark. Frøya, 15-0 against Sark. They still tried! Lads... “No, no, we’re going to do it today.” They still turned up. Which is more than the England side do(!) Lads, we could do this. I’m sorry, we could be the first team to go over and get beaten by Sark. Yes! Yeah. Goes on the list. - Yep. - We would get in all of the Sark papers(!) - We would. - We would. Dibs on goal. Oh, no, I’m ex-keeper. - Yeah, Gary is, actually... - I don’t care, I called dibs first. Well, that’s fair. For one thing, we don’t want an ex-keeper. We want somebody who’s not going to bother in goal so they win! Pull me up front! To be fair, that is how it also works in the England team. “Dibs keeper”! Right, I’ll book the hovercraft. We can, no, I am genuinely up for this s***. I will do this. Put it on the list. I would love to have that, as the first team to lose profe... We’re not from an island, that’s the only problem. We’ll go and stand on that one in Peasholm Park, put up a flag, take a picture and... Oh, yeah! Do you have a phone number for... Sark? I reckon they have more than one phone, you know? Shall we ring them now? “Lads, lads, the phone’s ringing!” Entire town. “Yes?!” What happens is, he takes the message, sounds a bugle for the lord to come down and be read the proclamation. “Hue and cry! The mainland have challenged us to football.” “A duel of footer, you say?” He says, in his big chair in his hall, as I imagine he still has. Shall I ring Sark now? - Yes! - Yes. - Do it. - There’s no signal, there’s no signal. It’s a genuine thing, right? You’ve been playing good people, it hasn’t worked out. We’re s***, right? And we know we are! Yeah! ♪ We're... ♪ We’re Peasholm Park United, take it on. And on that, congratulations, Gary, you win the show. Whoo-ah! You win a bright orange thing for a large mustelid to bounce on in isolation. It’s a tangerine wolverine quarantine trampoline. So, do enjoy that. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel. Oh! Yeah. To Gary Brannan. To Matt Gray. Good-bye-bye YouTube. I’ve been Tom Scott, we’ll see you next time.
I'm in Crystal Palace Park, in south London, and there are dinosaurs. Models of dinosaurs, anyway. And inaccurate models at that: but that's because they're more than 150 years old. These were the first ever lifesize models of extinct creatures, built for the gardens of the enormous Crystal Palace that used to stand on top of that hill over there. They were made by the wonderfully-named Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins, we now know that they are utterly wrong in many significant ways, but at the time they were a marvel: look at what once walked the earth! Now, in England, there's a list of buildings that have special protection under the law. Buildings on that list are called... Listed Buildings. Because they're on the list. Of buildings. And this country's full of them: Historic England, the not-quite-government organisation that manages the list, says there's about half a million buildings on it. Most of those are only Grade 2 listed, which means they've got to be kept mostly intact, and any changes need a really good reason behind them, but more than 10,000 places are Grade 1 listed, which means they must be preserved. Pretty much anything that was built more than 200 years ago and is still standing is on the list, but there are some more modern things too... including these dinosaurs. Yep. Grade 1 listed dinosaurs. Can't be changed, moved, or demolished, have to kept in good condition. And they can't be updated to reflect what modern palaeontologists know, because that would involve changing them, and destroying not a dinosaur display -- but a display about what we once thought dinosaurs looked like, something that's notable not because of what it represents in itself, but because of the history in the sculptures. These dinosaurs must, by law, remain inaccurate, because the story they tell isn't about prehistoric times... it's about science, just 150 years ago. I've done a video with Minute Earth about Null Island, the busiest place that doesn't exist. You can check go it out on their channel. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Once or twice a month, the private art collection at Gibbs Farm in New Zealand opens up to the public. The tickets are free, but they go very quickly. The art here in this collection isn't just paintings on a wall: it's land art, made by moving vast amounts of soil and earth, or it's sculpture on a scale seen only in a few places in the world. And the most famous piece in the collection is this: Horizons, by Neil Dawson. Fifteen metres wide, they height of a four-storey building. Depending on who you ask, it either resembles a piece of corrugated iron blown in from a distant farm... or a giant paper tissue that's been thrown away. And it looks like a cartoon that's been sketched on the landscape, but it's made of welded steel, and I think the thing that sells the optical illusion best is that little spike, that little incomplete fold. Which is, yeah, actually a big spike of metal, but from a distance, your brain just doesn't see that. This was one of the first pieces commissioned for Gibbs Farm. And it was commissioned: Alan Gibbs, who owns this farm and the art on it, is one of the wealthiest folks to come from New Zealand. And rather than collect art that had already been made, he hired internationally famous artists and sculptors and said, in short: here's some money. Make me a thing that'll go here. This farm is basically one rich millionaire's playground. Heck, it was originally bought as a fairly remote place to drive a collection of vintage military vehicles. The art came second. In a 2017 interview with the Wall Street Journal, Gibbs said: “It’s not a public park. It’s not a charity. "I’m happy to let people see it," he said, "but it’s still primarily a family holiday retreat.” Of course, everything here is well documented; you can look online and see every sculpture from basically every angle possible. But if you actually want to stand here and experience that optical illusion for yourself, if the feeling of being here, in person, is important to you... well, Gibbs Farm is only open occasionally. You'll have to join the rest of in the queue for tickets.
TOM SCOTT: The Youth Winter Olympic Games have brought me out to Lillehammer, in Norway, and to this: the Hunderfossen Bobsleigh Track, the second largest freezer in Norway. I know, you see "Norway" and "freezer", and you think about the seed vault that's up in the Arctic which is technically bigger than this but this track really is one giant freezer. This track stays frozen in temperatures up to 20°C so athletes can speed down here and pull 4G on the final turn even when there really shouldn't be any ice for them to slide on. JAN ODDVAR TANGEN: We can keep it frozen during the summer -- in a normal Norwegian summer! It's built with concrete. Inside the concrete, there are lots of layers with pipes. Inside the pipes, it's running with ammonia. TS: When a liquid evaporates, it pulls in heat from the surrounding area. So there are 90 tonnes of ammonia circulating in pipes inside this freezer, underneath the track, being repeatedly compressed and then evaporated to move heat away. Ammonia, by the way, really dangerous if it's not handled properly. JOT: Because ammonia is the fastest working fluid to drag away the warmth. All the ammonia is going inside 65km of pipes and it will stay inside the pipes in all conditions. If something happens, I will shut down the spots that accidentally have the leaks. It's lighter than air, so it will be going upwards so you won't be harmed! TS: But the laws of thermodynamics always hold true. You can't create cold. You can only ever move heat. And in the process of moving it, you generate more heat. That's why the back of your fridge at home is warm, and why air conditioning units need to vent outside. And on a freezer this big? That's quite a lot of heat to move. JOT: The first thing we're doing is cleaning the track with normal hoses with water, cleaning from the summer. And then, start of the season, we're running with luge the first week, and then we start with the skeleton bob after approximately 10 days because then the ice thickness is thick enough to cope with the bob and skeleton. TS: And with bobsleigh and luge runs being measured in hundredths of a second, keeping the ice consistently frozen is important for what is called "competitive parity": basically, making sure everyone has a fair shot. A little bit more or less friction over a day could change the result. And when there's this much riding on how fast someone goes down a track? Turns out having a big freezer is really important. There's a load more videos over on the Olympics channel and on my channel, go check 'em out, go subscribe, and thank you to the Youth Winter Olympic Games for bringing me out here to Lillehammer. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Last week, I did a video about pedestrian crossings, and while I don't want this to turn into 'things you might not know about British pedestrian crossings,' Well, there is one more thing, and quite a few people got in touch to say I should point it out. There is a secret button, or nodule, on the bottom of these things you push when you want to cross the road. And what that little secret nodule is, is a sign for anyone who is blind and deaf, or partially blind and partially deaf. Or, who is partially blind and at a crossing that does not make a beeping noise when it's safe to cross, which is a surprising amount of crossings. Because that little nodule rotates any time that signal turns green, as we will now see. Because don't forget, disability isn't a thing that turns on or off, you don't just get people who are entirely blind but fine every other way, or entirely deaf but perfectly able to see. You get lots of folks who might be able to walk around safely in the world, but who couldn't make out that signal, and who couldn't work out the beeping from the background noise, even if there was some. So that little nodule means it's safe for a lot of British people to cross the road, and that is something you might not have [laughing over the sound of a bus] Why do I do videos near roads? THAT is something you might not have known! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm outside the Bank of England and under that building is more than a hundred billion pounds' worth of gold. But I'm here to talk about significantly more sensible amounts of money specifically banknotes If you have a look on pretty much any banknote in pretty much many any major currency in the world, you'll find little yellow rings. On the back of the British £10 note they are the pollen around the flower around the flower, next to Charles Darwin. On the US $20 bill, they are the numbers in the "20"s, in the background. This is called the EURion constellation or at least that's that name it was given by the German computer scientist called Markus Kuhn who discovered it. You put this into a colour photocopier and its image processing algorithms will recognized this pattern. It's designed to be really easy for computers to recognize and it will refuse to copy it. Which means that if you want stop from copying something, put this image on it. Of course, you can still just take a picture of it and print it out but if you are forging bank notes with a colour photocopier something has probably gone wrong with your life. And that is something you may not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
These are the solar power towers of southern Spain. This is one of the sunniest parts of Europe, and these were two of the first solar towers ever built. Almost 2,000 heliostats, movable mirrors, constantly reflect the sun onto the towers, heating up water into steam, and powering a turbine to generate electricity. And if you look online, you'll see quite a few documentaries who've gotten a tour around there, who've been incredibly impressed by the technology, and who've been selling them as the future of power generation. And these are impressive. Not just visually, the technology behind them is both very clever and very simple: it's like bothering your teacher with the sunlight reflection off your phone, just on a much, much bigger scale. But there is a catch. When these were built, Spain was in boom times, and heavily subsidising solar power. Investors loved it and piled in with their own money, companies and researchers were happy to set up all sorts of things like this, and suddenly the Spanish government had many times the amount of solar power they'd planned for... and they had to subsidise all of it. And then the financial crash hit. The Spanish government cut subsidies. Not just for the future, not just for the plants that were under construction, but even for the plants that were already built and relying on those subsidies to balance the books. The industry got cold feet: Spain had altered the deal, and all the solar companies could do was pray they didn't alter it any further. Or go bankrupt, one of the two. This might still have been viable, maybe, with some more research and development, and that's what they were trying to do. But now, the cost of regular, everyday solar panels is tumbling. Not mirrors, not like this, just normal solar panels, the sort that you can fit to your house or that get put out in massive fields as solar farms, converting sunlight directly to electricity. Whether the price of those panels is going to keep falling depends on which team of researchers you believe, but it's already cheaper than building a giant tower, putting in either high pressure water or molten salt for it to heat, and dealing with thousands of moving parts that all have to line up and track the sun perfectly and which might, occasionally, cook a few birds in mid-flight. Don't get me wrong, this is a great bit of technology on paper. It combines renewable energy with storage: if you're heating up something like molten salt, you can save that power for hours to get you through the night. And there are other plants like it being built: there's one nearly completed in the Atacama Desert in South America. But right now, this is expensive. It might not have been, if history had taken a different track, if research had poured into these instead of regular solar panels: but as it is, the future probably isn't quite this bright.
I am a Brit in Florida, which means I apply enormous amounts of sunblock to stop me going as red as a lobster. But here is something you might not know: the SPF factor on sunblock, this 50 here, in this case—because I am very pale—was originally meant to be a multiplier. The idea was... that if you burned in 10 minutes without sunblock, that would multiply that by 50; you could manage 500 minutes in burning sun before you actually got burned. Now, the thing is: that's not actually true, because sunblock's a lot more complicated than that; it requires differences depending on skin tone, on all sorts of things, on your personal reaction. Unless the sunblock is broad-spectrum, as this is, it doesn't cover against the more harmful effects the long-term effects, not just turning red. So, how do they test it? Well, the way they test it is quite wonderful. The FDA in the US for this—The Food and Drug Administration—requires what is known as an "in vivo" test. Meaning it has to be done on an actual live volunteer, which means that someone has, presumably, one arm covered in sunblock, one arm - not, and then they are put under a test sun simulator until they burn to see what happens. And, while it can, technically, get up to 100-200 times multiplier, the FDA requires no more than 50. In Australia - no more than 30, because anything more than that is considered confusing to people who might think they can put sunblock on and stay out all day, every day, with no risk of skin cancer. So, there you go. Sun Protection Factor - mostly a load of rubbish, although, you should still wear it because otherwise, well, you're going to end up like I'm going to look in probably a few hours' time. And that... ARGH! Also, don't get it in your eyes! OH! That... [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
In 1963, an anthropologist called Edward T. Hall realised there was no term for the study of personal space, so he invented one. Because that's the sort of thing that anthropologists like to do. He called it ‘proxemics’, and it caught on, because it turned out to be a good way to let people think about abstract questions like: how do you react when someone gets too close, too fast? What we have here is a robotic spider dress. So it’s a dress that has mechanical limbs that are reacting. It is reacting on you coming closer, so you coming near. There are two proximity sensors here. They are in the balls of the design. They are sensing when you come too close. There are 12 states that are pre-programmed. Basically, it’s deciding between 1 of those 12 states in order to create one of these animations. In his book, Hall proposes four distance zones: the public, the social, the personal and the intimate. Now, in the sort of life coaching seminars that people get sent to, and in middle management textbooks, those zones are treated as gospel, as 'this is how everyone behaves'. But in Hall’s own words, the zones were only a first approximation. They were based on a tiny sample of university educated Americans. They weren’t representative of human behaviour in general, and they weren’t meant to be. They were crude stereotypes. Actually, a lot of the book is crude stereotypes. There’s a whole section just titled ‘The French’, which describes them as ‘sensually involved with each other.’ I used 3D modelling in order to create this design. I'm using a software called ‘Maya’, and then we 3D printed it out. It is 3D in nylon, in a technique called ‘selective laser sintering.’ You can see here a lot of difficult geometries that are very thin at places, and they are very delicate. The technique of selective laser sintering means that you have basically a big box of powder, which is, in this case, nylon, and you have your laser beam. It’s sintering out, it’s materialising exactly the model you created. Basically, when you take this design out, you're taking it from a big basket of powder, and all the powder is falling off. The proximity sensors are in this dress, so they're in the front of the dress and they are sensing in a beam that's being sent to the microcontroller which is in the back piece. As a scientific theory, the field of proxemics is vague. Hall just sort of thought it up and stated it in his book. There aren’t many studies backed up with rigorous examination and statistics. It’s mostly a set of observations and ideas. But despite what some hyper-rationalist people might think, those have value too. Being aware of the hidden rules that guide us, asking why we act the way we do: that can be a powerful tool for figuring out the way that the world works. And visualising something that isn't just invisible, but is actually an abstract concept? That can be a really powerful way to help understand yourself. Thanks to Anouk Wipprecht! Her dress is on display at the Autodesk Gallery in San Francisco until March 2017. Pull down the description for more links about her, the dress and the gallery.
[Laughter] Listen... Tom, when you're drinking that water, you're drinking the water of every bit of water that water's ever been with. MATT: Away from the laptop, Tom. [Breathes] Hurrah! That was close! I was nearly...! Oookay. There was the leaning back option. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be more like a gigantic Versailles fountain as he just spat back and — whoosh! Erm... Yes. [Clears throat] He provound... He founded&nbsp;the Inst... Hold up! Hold up! We've got a gusher! Welcome to the Technical Difficulties Spit-Take Edition.
Was he a spy? Ooh, no. More towards the dark end of those arts. Was he a spy at night? -- No... -- With Patrick Moore! Impersonator! Ooh, very... I'm looking for a particular word... Like, impersonator implies he... what are you cackling at? Sean Connery on with Patrick Moore! It's "The Spy at Night" with Patrick Moore! "Today, I'm sat here behind someone's head "watching if he's a philandering husband. "Now here's Brian May with a large telescope into his wife's bedroom." Brian May looks like Russ Abbot peering out of a cloud. He's not wrong. He's not wrong. Google Russ Abbot and Brian May, he's right. It's just the thought of, like, a... Where did that come from?! The Sky at Night! Patrick Moore's in the suit and everything but just, like, camouflage paint on his face. "I'm using my large telescope to spy on the lady next door." [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] Sorry, I'm slobbering. Lovely! No, it--
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today: He reads books, you know — it's Chris Joel! Quarrelsome quislings questing quickly through quixotic questions are we. — Nice! — Aaahh! Thank you, thank you. That's why I was in the loo so long. Bounciest man on the internet — Matt Gray! Hello YouTube. And everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! I rode the Queen Mary and came third in the derby! How many queens were alive at the time to be the Queens' Derby? 'And up front it's Elizabeth! It's Elizabeth the First in the front!' In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING], and the special prize for particularly good answers which is... Oh! Sorry. Yes. Yeah. I've got a buzzer this time! How louche are you today? Oh, I do... so obliged, gentlemen. Can we just get you a cocktail glass while you do that? I usually am, it's just the different table setup. You don't see me so much, darling. Yeah. Can we make reference early on in the episode that we have moved from Matt Gray's kitchen... Today, we're live from SPACE! THE MOON! We need a greenscreen, guys. It's curtains. It's just the blackness! Today we are talking about the SS Bessemer. Is that to do with the smelting process? Now there's an intro to any kind of thing. Why would you say that? Because it's the Bessemer steel smelting process! You're gonna have a point. [DING] Whoa! Because it is named after and invented by...? Bessemer. Thank you. [Laughter] Sorry — 'Named after and invented by?' 'S.S.' Sir Henry Bessemer, who... you were talking about steel there? Well, I'll defer to my... Sorry, before I go 'Right Honourable Member', you do realize this looks a lot like Question Time? I will defer to my honourable friend here, the member for Sheffield... The member for Rotherham. I don't know what you've heard! It's lies! All lies! Ha! — You just got 'Member for Sheffield' there, haven't you? — Yeah. Steelmember! That's what they used to call me! Sounds like a South Yorkshire Bond film! ALL: 'Steelmember...' [Trumpet riff] 'Bollocks! We're not using gold, it melts too easily!' 'We'll go down there, get 'ot steel!' It's just a scrappie! James Bond versus the local scrappie. Bond is strapped to a slab of old railway locomotive, while Steelmember comes up with a gas torch, and just very closely — 'I'll get your nadgers in a minute if you don't give in!' I was imagining him on the windshield of a smashed-up car. [Gas torch sound] 'Might take 'alf an hour but we're gonna get there!' 'I'll turn t' wipers on!' Thump! Thump! Thump! 'Oh! Oh! Oh!' [Sean Connery voice] 'Shtop it! That's enough!' [Sean Connery voice] 'I'm starting to quite enjoy thish. Does it have two shpeeds?' 'No, Mister Bond. I expect you to f**k off!' A long time ago... ...in a galaxy far, far away in Rotherham... Sir Henry Bessemer. I don't know. So is that the name of the article? No, the article is 'SS Bessemer'. Ship with a steel-clad rather than an iron-clad hull, or steel hull or something like that... Ooh, it was certainly first ship with something, but... Made by that... it's the, erm... No holes in it. Outboard motor. Ship-sized diesel engine. Massive whacking great outboard. Takes ten men to steer it. Never mind that, it takes ten men to start the thing. [Motor noises] It's like a tug-of-war. Huge blokes charging up the deck. I think you'll find the first outboard motor was a Viking, paddling. On the end of a stick. 'Sven! Your turn.' 'Ugh...' 'Ulf! Faster, Ulf! Faster!' [Paddling noises] A little backstroke — a little front crawl... 'How long to this "Enga-land"?' Bessemer, though, it's the steel crucible. That was the thing he invented was the steel crucible, where you would — Yes. Have a point. [DING] You put pig iron into it... What did he do? What's the difference in his process then? It removes impurities. By...? Er... hotness. No! It's on a steel... A crucible is a big bowl, innit. — Yeah. — On a windey thing, what tips over, 'A windey thing!' and all t' hot metal comes out, into a box, and that makes... knives. Yeah. [Laughter] I went to school!! Sheffield, there. Sheffield summed up... Sheffield steel summed up in a few important words there. It's a big bowl with stuff that comes out of it. Yeah. ...what makes knives! You need to be the narrator on How Things Are Made. Steel... knives! It goes in this box and knives come out. There is something else that goes in with the iron. Into the crucible. Men! A lot of it. It has to be pumped through constantly. — Max Bygraves. — Air. Air! [DING] There is a market for pre-1940s steel. As in scrapping it and re-selling it. Why do you think that might be? T' olden days air were cleaner! — Yes! [DING] — Wahey! What was it cleaner of? Sulfur. No. The clue is in '1940s'. About 1944, 1945, specifically. Whoa! — Radiation. — Cool! Bingo. [DING] Cobalt. Well! I push my glasses back and say, How's that! Background amount of radiation increased enough that if you're making radiation detectors, or anything that goes in a radiation-sensitive process, you need pre-1940-something steel. — Well, there you go! — Cool! So you have to go back in time, and forge your forgey thing... That's iron, isn't it. Or you raise a sunken ship. [Singing] 'You raise me up...' [Singing] 'So I can make accurate meters...' And big boxes of knives. 'Boxes of kniiives...' You don't need pre-radiation knives. This is not a significant amount of radiation. I want a post-radiation knife! 'Cooks the steak while you slice it!' [Sizzling noises] I'm fairly sure that at some point in the Victorian age, after the discovery of radiation, but before the discovery of radiation-induced cancers, someone will have made a radiation knife. — Radiation was all the thing. — Yeah. It genuinely was. In any treatment you would just give someone a bit of radiation. — Yeah. — That'll do 'em right! I know for a fact that when my uncle was at school, the popular prank was to get the little bits of radiation and shove it down boys' arse-cracks. Ohh! What, like pennying someone? Pretty much, yeah. Just with deadly, deadly radiation, that's all. 'Plutoniumed your bum!' 'Ooh, it burns!' 'Aaaargh, that's gonna sting!' One of my old physics teachers claimed that he'd found a radium blanket in his loft. It was a blanket infused with radium, because it was warming. Well, one of the products, one of the most radioactive ones, early 20th century, is watches. — Yep. — Yes. I were taught that one at schoo-wel! So was I! 'Glow in the dark, you say?' 'Yeah, that's fine. Dip there, lick the brush, you'll be fine. Just paint it on.' It's like we're all the result of the same education system, isn't it? How strange! I thought you were schooled up a mountain by a Buddhist master. That's just Rotherham Comprehensive. It was still a state school! I'm not posh! State-funded Buddhism? You know what, I'd be in favour of that. Yeah. Everybody just needs to chill out. 'Now you have learned the wisdom of the writing and the metal-making with the box with the knives.' And now you move on to the next mountain of Rotherham, where the Chuckle Brothers will teach you — NO! NO! Oh, secondary school was awful. Rotherham Steel, with a gigantic crucible of metal: 'To me, to you, to me...' 'Oh! We've burnt several people to death.' 'Oh dear. Oh dear oh dear.' And sports was just David Seaman. If you're American, don't Google the Chuckle Brothers. Or Rotherham. No, no, no! Do! They're childhood comedy legends. That's true. Don't Google their single with Tinchy Stryder from last year. Do! A long, long time a go, we talked about Henry Bessemer, who invented the steel-making process named after him, established the town of Sheffield as a major manufacturing centre. But he had a lot of other inventions. A lot of other patents. Plate glass, making a continuous ribbon of plate glass... Of iron! 'Makes a better door than a window.' The SS Bessemer was one of his less successful inventions. Was it a box of knives that sank? 'It's made entirely of metal! Left to right, all the way through! Solid!' I mean, you're right — SS is Steam Ship. So we haven't actually got what it is yet? Not yet, no. We are a good half, two-thirds of the way through. But we have talked about Henry Bessemer, and the steel-making process. Is it one of the ones that's got the rotatey thing on the back? So we've got a crap boat. Ooh... we have an experimental boat. I'm gonna say, is it something to do with steam turbines or something like this? Thinking of the industry or anything, or it might have been steam engines... No, this is... You wouldn't expect it to be coming from someone who had so many successful inventions. Hovercraft. This is to designed to combat a common problem if you're on a cross-Channel ferry. Did he build it in Sheffield so that there was no chance of getting wet? Um... A common problem on a cross-Channel ferry... people on booze cruises weren't allowed on? It was built in Hull, just to, er... Ugh. Were no French aboard? [Laughter] I mean, not initially, no... It's a common problem in the Channel. Cross-Channel ferry, full of them. Was the duty free actually cheap? Was it a flat-bottom boat? To stop it grounding? Ooh! No... Because there are sand deposits in the Channel, I think. There are, but no. Was it an attempt at bow-loading doors or anything like that? Bowel-loading doors? Bow-loading, not bowel-loading. It's a very easy mistake to make. 'Roll on! Roll off!' Is it Henry Bessemer's giant mechanical arse, crossing the Channel, made of steel? Steelsphincter! Sorry... Steelsphincter is another Bond film. No, no, he's like Jaws. He's like a Bond villain's henchman. 'Don't put your fingers in there! He'll have them off!' [Slicing noise] He's eventually vanquished by the fact that someone has a giant magnet and he flies arse-first onto it. Yes. Yes. We're looking for a common problem with cross-Channel ferries — with any ferry, really. Seasickness! — Point! [DING] — Right! — An anti-seasickness boat?! — An anti-seasickness boat. What's the point of being on a boat? Exactly! I'm sorry, getting seasick is not the point of going on a cross-Channel ferry. It is the prime experience! [Laughter] So was this like a boat with like, a thing that kept level all the time in it or something? [DING] Aha! A whole kind of thing to counteract... Like you used to get for your CD Walkman in your car? Yeah, basically. But for people. That's something that a lot of our audience are gonna be a little bit too young for there. Oh, 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt 3D Printing Stainless Steel with Giant Robot Arms-y9pknU0zv9c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt 7 Illegal Things To Do In A British Election-egeMAIXYIvI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt Accounting Coasters - Citation Needed 7x04 Bonus Material-Edu1K_c4fus.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt Acoustic Kitty and Bat Bombs - Citation Needed 6x05-gcRJr9xQSAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt A Language Made Of Music-oyC4lLTOyL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt American Alcohol Has To Be Radioactive-1N1ydPJGGj4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt A Message from Earth and Flappy Gloves - Citation Needed 2x04-xfHStwlDIGg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt Analog vs Digital - Citation Needed 7x06 Bonus Material-FUuTCcXzUug.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt An American Stonehenge - The Mysterious Georgia Guidestones-YNPpB_BRZJ8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚛ᚈᚑᚋ ᚄᚉᚑᚈᚈ᚜ and ᚛ᚑᚌᚐᚋ᚜-2yWWFLI5kFU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt ᑖᒻ ᔅᑳᑦ and ᖃᓂᐅᔮᖅᐸᐃᑦ-xW4hI_METac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt An Elevator That Actually Goes Sideways-kdTsbFS4xmI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt Angels Are Actually Pretty Terrifying-BNVT7LP0Ouw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt A Nuclear Waste Dump You Can Walk On - Weldon Spring, Missouri-PB7HT3BZLzM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Arse Avalanche - Citation Needed 8x02 Bonus Material-MqOWh0lzKOQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt Arson as a Christmas Tradition - The Gävle Goat--zjJpFYtx9s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomic Annie and Blue Peacock - Citation Needed 7x06-6gNn9OG7dPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt Atomised Feculence - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x01-y6QKIjqHgqk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt A Town Called Asbestos-CB3LJdMYzrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt A Zeppelin, A Cat, and The World's First In-Flight Radio Message-DNUhKkNY6x0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt BackpackersXpress and the Disco Carriage - Citation Needed 5x03-ObEJk4bAV8M.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt Batman's Village of Fools - Gotham, England-YF6xzqOfCD8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt Benjamin Rush and Inventing the Bucket - Citation Needed 6x06-KrO_ZMQ8aFc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt Bossche Bol and Nun's Puffs - Citation Needed 1x05-R31xj7Ybxhc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain Has 555 Phone Numbers Too-_LPw1hlMCaA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt Britain's Largest Battery Is Actually A Lake-6Jx_bJgIFhI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt British Ice Cream Doesn't Have To Contain Milk-mwDkg3pPfjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt British Nuclear War from Beyond the Grave - The Letter of Last Resort-Ko51cynAjzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt British Tanks Are Better Than All Other Tanks, And Here's Why-vWmDHO_0P5Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt Bulkbeard and Accidental Woganing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x03-cjg5Z6txmSg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt Calling The Police Doesn't Charge Your Phone Battery-8-evKtoPN-8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Camille Flammarion and a Spiritualist Story - Citation Needed 5x05-Za96MbXuwEQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt Camp Bonifas and Yorkshire Scouting - Citation Needed 5x04-vs3XJTYli10.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt Canada's Most Successful King-gTF8KYoJkMM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Can It Be 'Too Cold To Snow'-p7I4xpSz6-Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt Carl Sagan's Carlisle - Citation Needed 5x01 Bonus Material-HOakKK7SZm0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Charles Blondin and the Stolen Point - Citation Needed 7x01-nrU8Kh6Mf7o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt Classic Trivia Question Cards - Citation Needed Live, The Encore-Fl1Z205KKNA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt Cold Wars, Cruise Ships, and the Northwest Passage-PBZ728jH7j0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt Containing the Worst Nuclear Disaster in History - Chernobyl's New Confinement Structure-vK8ykPmtRyg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt Controlling An Airport From 80 Miles Away-Ii_Gz1WbBGA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt Crosswalks Don't Always Make You Safer-Ki8BLLnWyJY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt Digby Tatham-Warter - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x01-PifS7y5aJ3w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt Disney Could Go Nuclear If They Wanted To-OlJlBIMQy7k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt Driving Through Russia Without A Visa - The Saatse Boot-iGjPn8V4O9E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt 'Duryard!' _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-TdtFzHBY4v0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt Einstein Wasn't The First Scientist To Talk About Relativity-w3CO2SyXDZc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt Elia - The World's Most Frustrating Work of Art-4gE9qxX5VjE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Get Away With It; Two Minutes of Corpsing - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x06-nnz9DCk80XY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary Doesn't Like After Eights - Citation Needed 8x05 Bonus Material-R_hjV2skRac.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt Gary's Cat Clothing - Citation Needed 6x05 Bonus Material-ibMuJv8vJb4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt Graham Island and Ye Starbucks - Citation Needed 4x01-9PlQPJmh95U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt Gravity Doesn't Always Point Straight To The Earth's Core-qVVAirwMLns.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt Hail Cannons and Operation Popeye - Citation Needed 8x04-2M-vxb_Bt3k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt ᚼᛒ - Harald Bluetooth and Your Phone-VdmQp9M9jUo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt Help, My Fusion Reactor's Making A Weird Noise-IrtGp8hv-0Y.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt HOVERCRAFT - Citation Needed 7x02 Bonus Material-GUY0VGVV0N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt How Auto-Tune Works-i09V6SkVkz8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Does A Geyser Work-rQB5OWyGVWU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Do You Make Something Last 1,000 Years-uhtUYzubRHU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt How Formation Flying Works (feat. the Red Arrows!)-RYGFczNMAMk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt How Knot To Hang A Painting--eVd2Ugk9BU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt How The 90s VHS Look Works-h6RRNNztN5o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Fall Into A Swimming Pool-IsmjW7-IaSo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make An Orange Peel Flamethrower-nYxFrMNWbtI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Snow-IQ3kQPWlU-o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Make Something One Atom Thick-t60EfnqZKrQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt How to Program a Quantum Computer (sort of)-c5Az7Rez3Rk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Slap Someone Across The Face-B29jqZWMLkM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Snap Someone's Neck-wBlAQLvVGJA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Stop A Colossal Bridge Corroding-dLQQ1F7hplA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Strangle Someone-FGxKQvdLrng.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Tell If You're Dreaming-XUece-2WmuM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt How To Throw A Bucket Of Water At Someone-1W3AylLOHx4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt I Can't Show You How Pink This Pink Is-_NzVmtbPOrM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt I Hit 3,000-Year-Old Art with a Hammer-s6kNR8Mj0ZE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt In Norway, Everyone Can Know How Much You Earn-1bO8zEaSuWg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt In Old Movies, Why The Dial Tone After Someone Hangs Up-bUIiUXvnkUQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside A Satellite Clean Room-m5dXWJi4pIA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside The Tunnels That Will Store Nuclear Waste For 100,000 Years-aoy_WJ3mE50.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt Inside YouTube's Mixed Reality VR Lab-8T7ux3DXP_w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt Internet to the Arctic - A Greenlandic Relay Station-5G9BHrAgQz0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Is 'Paris Syndrome' A Real Thing-ByUPFYxy5vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt Jack Churchill and a Live Studio Audience - Citation Needed 6x01-6TsEGt841pw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt John Stonehouse and Dropped Trousers - Citation Needed 7x05-C666j39s3wc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt Juan Pujol Garcia and Thirtynineitude - Citation Needed 8x03-blN49yGet8g.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt Julie D'Aubigny and Dueling Scars - Citation Needed 6x04-qFL_JAkWZy8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt Keeping Aircraft Safe without Radar - The North Atlantic Tracks-vBgulDeV2RU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt Let's Talk About Names. In Iceland.-zvIoKEpD-hI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt Ley Lines and Avebury Henge, the Better Version of Stonehenge-LGwgT5jho6I.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt Lisa Clayton and Cake Black Holes - Citation Needed 2x06-kssR0xrdHN8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt Listening for Nuclear Tests at the Top of the World-vULUkp7Ttss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt Making an International Standard Cup of Tea-nAsrsMPftOI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt Matt's Trouser Troubles - Citation Needed Bonus Material 7x01-cMBno-jp_wY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt Meatballs, Noseflutes and Judith _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-3UAOs9B9UH8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Monkey Shipwrecks and Football Mascots - Citation Needed 7x03 Bonus Material-k27hqCKhD_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Moss Is Terrible For Emergency Navigation-KzQw00SSOQQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt Mr Olds’ Remarkable Elevator--fu03F-Iah8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt Neckarwestheim and the End of the World - Citation Needed 1x06-g1KTl176Mww.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt Never Call Someone 'Tired and Emotional' In England-z49LjJj3VTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt Nobody's Exactly Sure How Much A Kilogram Is Right Now-JKCBeDeVxkg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt No-One Knows Who Got To The North Pole First-QnM2tVZr7Fs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt Not Even A Real Abbot _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-phL7P6gtZRM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt Onesies and Twosies - Citation Needed 8x06 Bonus Material-XRtilePap0c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt One Town, Four Elements - Ytterby-l6lGe5jgZgI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt Origami In Space-PHrWzF2VuAg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt Parading Around The Parish _ Two Of These People Are Lying 1x02 _ The Technical Difficulties-3yFEfOYTNoE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt Platform 9¾ Is In The Wrong Place-SmOsTHaqFSU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt Pod Cars of the Past and Future - The Morgantown PRT-iaSaWfw07Sw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt Point Zero - Where All Roads Start-GMwnyWP52Ys.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt Power, Politics and Pragmatism - The British National Grid-Mm5khEUIBx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt Privacy In France - A Lot Of French People Might Be About To Sue Me-VYH87V6EHrk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt Project Cybersyn and Military Fridges - Citation Needed 4x02-1KzcZZ_3vL8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt Putting the Butt into Butter - Citation Needed 5x03 Bonus Material-zYnIoRqjKgw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt Radioactive Bananas in Chernobyl-uV4Kz2ednjs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt Rearranging A Crotchular Area - Citation Needed 8x03 Bonus Material-tFFoDDhl9DA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt Recording the Audio Promos - Citation Needed 4x04 Bonus Material-Wv_NcNXwGRw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt Reverse Trivia, But This Time With Video – Experiment 2-eyjMH77lTzg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Risk, Immortality, and the Terrifying Pulpit Rock-B5a6wrJpxP4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Rotary Jails and Accidental Amputations--DGXHMOhXAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Ruth Belville and Time Balls - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 1-RzfiF9ccZvQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine – Experiment 1-um7Nfjac5To.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt Tabletop Time Machine II – Experiment 4-VSAc4pg57i8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The Sound Mirrors That Protected Britain-04F5osXK4vw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt Testing The World's Longest Echo-lLUcOFwZvyY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt The $100 Hamburger and Tach Time - Citation Needed 6x02-QXW2-LBf-5E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The 134-Hour Television Show from the Arctic Circle-oqbsxjmB49Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt The 1940s Mermaid Show That's Still Pulling Crowds-ZrP0Mqj9U_c.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt The 19th Century Channel Tunnel Wasn't Just A Dream-lj-DS8SMxSw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Arctic Winter Games and Dropping the Bomb - Citation Needed 1x09-6T5h0SuavgM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battery That's Lasted 176 Years-UtQGYz4f3YQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt The Battle of Fishguard and 'Brandy' - Citation Needed 8x01-pkU8u-FCs1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Beer Pipeline of Bruges-oGUcAg4W2hw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Big Lobster and Drive-through Booze - Citation Needed 1x01-oIYcbJKSLxQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bizarre Plan to Drain the Mediterranean - Atlantropa-TEdsQmjLMKs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Boobrie and Conservative Pandas - Citation Needed 3x02-6qNawyzVGbc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Brain-Eating Amoebas of Kerosene Creek-OQ7uq04fEjs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Broken Building That Must Not Be Destroyed-AtkmDmMzZO8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt The Bus Replacement Rail Service (yes, that's the right way round)-3WHmETKW72E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Canyon That Humans Made By Accident-NQ5cf_WuJs0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centennial Light and Edison the Cheat - Citation Needed 2x03-K1uqcG7KyrI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Centuries-Old Debt That's Still Paying Interest-cfSIC8jwbQs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt The Circle Visible From Space-VRUmt_4F_58.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of Golf Carts-pcVGqtmd2wM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt The City of the Dead - Colma, California--so4bLE5kPc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Coffin Ray and Hugging a Penguin - Citation Needed 2x02-iW9YwL39lPU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Collapsed Dam That Stopped Los Angeles-5erVH-zk7Uk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Concrete Pillars On Top Of British Hills - Trig Points-VxBlyZAl5MQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt The Confusing Borders of Lake Constance-KwHj4lj3F-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Counts of Andechs and Motorway Service Stations - Citation Needed 1x07-9mYQT7oyctA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Crazy Eights Incident and the Pumpy Thing - Citation Needed 8x05-GmAdG9YNkTE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Datablast - Experimental Interactive TV From The 1990s-VBs_ABt-hRc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Diner Where You Microwaved Your Own Food-yWjpR365-h4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Disaster That Changed Engineering - The Hyatt Regency Collapse-VnvGwFegbC8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Drink With A Human Toe In It-kHMNX3IXnvs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt The Early Steam Train With No Brakes - Stephenson's Rocket-3woUopc1ZS4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Equation of Time - Clocks Vs Sundials-d9Qnobvx_kM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The European City Centre With No Street Names-DSG-zxGRkJw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake-British Ghost Town In China - Thames Town-KK3FQXObWEs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fake Vinegar In British Fish and Chip Shops-642x2Y3Zla0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt The False Start - Citation Needed 8x01 Bonus Material-407IeeVA3C0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Fishermen That Hold Their Breath For 10 Minutes-2F0V9MjrhXE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flag of Mars and Rods from God - Citation Needed 1x08-_IesM6EVC9U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flip Flap Railroad and Marshmallow Bearings - Citation Needed 7x04-Q3KT-OOg9y0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flitch of Bacon and a Goose on a Train - Citation Needed 2x05-9kmlwZ_BOvU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Floating Lighthouse in New York - The Lightship Ambrose-NOsFLzpfRpU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt The Flower That Smells Like Death-2NGc3-df8sA.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Foil That Went To The Moon And Back-NF_2Io7g9fE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt The Format Laboratory – Experiment 3-xAJvdFGWUTU.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Front Falls Off - Glaciers Don't Go Backwards-PT7KPztnIXw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt The German Town That's Literally Breaking Apart-zOgle88sKro.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Giant Underground Tunnels Protecting Tokyo From Floods-cfJOW2PtrGk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Grave of the Man Who Never Was - Operation Mincemeat-8lQtdhtw5eI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hard Part About Getting To Orbit Isn't The Height-89VAPZz1Nf0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hottest Place in Britain, and the BBC Theme Park-ML5TaNlwgeg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hundred-Tonne Robots That Help Keep New Zealand Running-kQ8WI3nc1l0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt The Hydraulic Telegraph and Latin Grease - Citation Needed 5x01-48in2BIx4ds.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Ice Block Expedition and Chainsaw Licenses - Citation Needed LIVE, Part 2-4iSncY1_CzY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Intro Goes Wrong - Citation Needed 7x05 Bonus Material-ox4XQeWn6xc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt The Last Play-For-Cash Fascination Parlor-bOWse-Xm6Ao.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Lava Lamps That Help Keep The Internet Secure-1cUUfMeOijg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Level Crossing You Have To Power Yourself-mRQt_PMhBXY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Liquid Nitrogen Tanks of New York-juZqGU9iuq0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Little-Known Patterns on British Streets-cdPymLgfXSY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt The London Railway of the Dead-XwpJ01nguoo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Invented, Then Hated, Shopping Malls-4F7WCutpsJw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Man Who Set Up His Own Toll Road, Without Permission-E-m6vc7lsmE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Many Failed Intros - Citation Needed 5x02 Bonus Material-14KbGNSTcsY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mississippi River Wants To Move-yg67YXYedwo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Moiré Effect Lights That Guide Ships Home-d99_h30swtM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Dangerous Stretch of Water in the World - The Strid at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire-mCSUmwP02T8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Most Ridiculous Game Of Football In History-W1WGBhTuLpQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Museum of Failure-PfdBTsyrqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Mushroom Cloud Over Britain - RAF Fauld and the Hanbury Crater-Vcx7_1yphJI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt The Newgate Novel and Condiments on Toast - Citation Needed 1x02-XrCJJP_KOlY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Norwegian Butter Crisis and the Ark of Taste - Citation Needed 8x02-1nd5HsxWXTI.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Not-Quite-Robots That Help Fix Fusion Reactors-Lsiq_3-cSHs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt The Nuclear Reactor In The Middle Of London-_BMlu2wgBJs.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Null Hypothesis-KOJnOCdBr4s.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt The One-Lane Bridge Shared By Cars And Trains-sstRJcaFU9U.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Only Bit Of Louisiana's Coast That Isn't Sinking-zFiNmEWXPPM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Other Tree That Owns Itself-lyvylw5Lwx0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt The Perils of Mr Wimpy - Citation Needed Bonus Material 6x02-arBFXmzbqjc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Poison Garden of Alnwick-jGo9gYypQc8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt The Problem With Renewable Energy (and how we're fixing it)-5uz6xOFWi4A.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Quest for a Clap - Citation Needed 8x04 Bonus Material-MgerCSpxSWo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt The Reaction Ferries of Basel - What Have We Missed-b6utGZQ9Sks.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt There Are Special Crossings For Horses In Britain-X5V45wYwrkY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt There's a Bit of England in New York, Literally-ey6JPPGgZl8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt The Rise and Fall of the Gasometer-SopJr0yHt-w.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Runways of Fire That Let WW2 Planes Land In Fog - FIDO-i8MFK0w0hlg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The Russian Woodpecker of Chernobyl - How To See Over The Horizon-xbi6eoh63ZQ.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sark Football Team and Hovercraft Enthusiasm - Citation Needed 7x02-cDboEgjZjAE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Scientifically Inaccurate Dinosaurs That Must Stay That Way-QWItLyDzMyE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sculpture That Looks Like A Real-Life Cartoon-j9JD9W0n7gE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt The Second Largest Freezer in Norway-xo6IubbQuCk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Button on Pedestrian Crossings-fRPWlBAgSnw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt The Secret Pattern That Stops You Copying Bank Notes-tMR25RSOzFo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt The Solar Power Towers of Southern Spain-gGXjWqVeVJE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt The SPF Rating On Sunscreen Is Questionable At Best-z45obkskRmw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spider Dress That Reacts To Personal Space Invaders-MA9Du5l7qV0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spit-Take Edition - Citation Needed Bonus Material 3x04-TM3Wk6Q0Ey0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Spy At Night - Citation Needed 4x05 Bonus Material-RIZymJzJ6MM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt The SS Bessemer and Ask Heaves - Citation Needed 3x01-2otrhYbE0b8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt The Story of Salvation Mountain-4JAjIjXbe3Y.en.vtt.srt.txt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt The Strangest Elevator In Italy - the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis-Montegalletto, Genoa-A739p5HkRZ8.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweater Curse and Clothing Controversies - Citation Needed 8x06-bd0HA_n2cjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt The Sweaty Column _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x03 _ The Technical Difficulties-2JuqkQcDEjw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt The Tale of Gary's Stag Do - Citation Needed 4x03 Bonus Material-69OfYdnPqaI.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt The Thames Still Has Some 19th Century Stink In It-AVHHs3YUm00.en.vtt.srt.txt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt The Three Types of Twilight, and The Days Without Night-FX1slLeJRPg.en.vtt.srt.txt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt The Thunderbirds Crematorium - Citation Needed Bonus Material 2x02-WJWT066UukM.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt The Town That Was Burned for Science - Aultsville-DWYthXD14pw.en.vtt.srt.txt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt The Town Where Wi-Fi Is Banned - The Green Bank Telescope and the Quiet Zone-eQEGPATQe5s.en.vtt.srt.txt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt The Toxic Pit With A $3 Admission Fee-n-Ej2EtE744.en.vtt.srt.txt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt The Underground Roundabouts of Tromsø-jJWgRghIihQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt The US-Canada Border Splits This Road Down The Middle-EocJm3Dry4E.en.vtt.srt.txt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt The US Government's $983 Freeze-Dried Urine-jvJzi0BXcGI.en.vtt.srt.txt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt The US President's Bulletproof Railcar-C2NNujJKJL4.en.vtt.srt.txt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt The World Is Slowly Running Out Of Sand-kMLYLcniXIc.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt The World's First Solar Powered Train-6Y4QGFte3T8.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Dangerous Path Isn't So Dangerous Any More-8cICu9HtGhQ.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Famous Teapot - The Utah Teapot-TIxt9guMbXo.en.vtt.srt.txt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt The World's Most Powerful Tidal Current - the Saltstraumen Maelstrom-nUB7IflBBrc.en.vtt.srt.txt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt Thin Necks and Terrifying Tractors _ Two Of These People Are Lying 2x01 _ The Technical Difficulties-nR3KGXd6MtQ.en.vtt.srt.txt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt This Is Your Brain On Stale Air-1Nh_vxpycEA.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt Thomas Midgley Jr and a Pope Infestation - Citation Needed 5x02-4og8wG8VQWM.en.vtt.srt.txt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt Thomas Trueblood and the Ridiculous Marathon - Citation Needed 2x01-DQztJBFYIcE.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt Tom Forgets His Button - Citation Needed 4x01 Bonus Material-pEa8HQ-8zlA.en.vtt.srt.txt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt Tom's Canal Boat Injury - Citation Needed 5x05 Bonus Material-LCrsMBQ9Cq0.en.vtt.srt.txt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt Turnpikes and Tolls - What if all major roads were private-QixlLU15CIc.en.vtt.srt.txt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt Turra Coo and Four-Legged Juggling - Citation Needed 7x03-H2J1vOpzOI0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt Ultrasonically Vaporized Vodka!-x5KH4bUt8X8.en.vtt.srt.txt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt Unexploded Bombs off the British Coast - the SS Richard Montgomery-R9u41aeItss.en.vtt.srt.txt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt Unseen Citation Needed Warmup Footage-XTgNVVFxXBE.en.vtt.srt.txt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt Victor Lustig and Binary Points - Citation Needed 4x05-3kgI-TZXCa8.en.vtt.srt.txt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt Voyager 1's Getting Closer to Earth Right Now-YLlzx6v8CcA.en.vtt.srt.txt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt Watching for Nuclear Attack at the Top of the World-Et3YW_qS_1o.en.vtt.srt.txt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt We Should Let Some Wildfires Burn-Y27lFsPEZ30.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt What Counts as a Mountain-i8P5a1uqIMw.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt What Counts as the World's Largest Clock-odX81LsE5RY.en.vtt.srt.txt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt What Counts As The World's Shortest River-WEGzvZ85dgs.en.vtt.srt.txt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt What Did Witches Actually Use-RILkh2S1lvo.en.vtt.srt.txt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt What Is Sea Level, Anyway-YQ6vWW9BEKU.en.vtt.srt.txt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt What's The Longest Word In The English Language-NQrxzgd6ASA.en.vtt.srt.txt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt Wheels, Bombs, and Perpetual Motion Machines-EiZU3BvqvP4.en.vtt.srt.txt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt Where Two Oceans Meet, Debunked-a4N4yQB_B4c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt Why Aren't There More Helicopter Crashes In London-SQ3g5gPKlDM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement-4SyetdjWMuw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt Why Britain Uses Separate Hot and Cold Taps-HfHgUu_8KgA.en.vtt.srt.txt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt Why California's Musical Road Sounds Terrible-Ef93WmlEho0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt Why Does Nighttime Smartphone Footage Look All Flickery in Europe-uzP8FFKpwQ0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt Why Do Flag Emoji Count As Two Characters-sTzp76JXsoY.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt Why Do London's Manholes Keep Exploding-u9FVoDiuq6Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt Why Do We Not Have A Cure For The Common Cold Yet-z_1mi9w-NwE.en.vtt.srt.txt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt Why European Clocks are Running Slow, and British Clocks Aren't-bij-JjzCa7o.en.vtt.srt.txt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt Why 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'-OSlGJ9FNHOk.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt Why Helsinki's Library Robots Aren't Important-dPb9o3uDF_Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt Why Hold Music Sounds Worse Now-w2A8q3XIhu0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt Why I Can't Show You The H_ S-KUdQ7gxU6Rg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt Why Mountain Dew Rots Your Teeth More Than Coca-Cola-pt2fSq46Pcw.en.vtt.srt.txt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt Why NASA Spun Astronauts Around, But Doesn't Any More-GFWsYJ0_KMI.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt Why Old Screens Make A ᴴᶦᵍʰ ᴾᶦᵗᶜʰᵉᵈ Noise-RA5UiLYWdbM.en.vtt.srt.txt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt Why People In Big Cities Walk Faster-Od3B1XALh1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt Why Sci-Fi Alien Planets Look The Same - Hollywood's Thirty-Mile Zone-yy16KFzM4XU.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt Why Song Translations Usually Suck-KGne-ZUZCg0.en.vtt.srt.txt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt Why The Red T-Shirts - Citation Needed LIVE Bonus Material-43QVfvRjTdQ.en.vtt.srt.txt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt Why This “Zero Calorie Sweetener” Isn’t Zero Calories-EN6COaYLS_A.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt Why Was AllAdvantage.com Popular In Beverly Hills-RuzoIG9py_c.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt Why Wind Farms Don't Always Turn When It's Windy-XS36ijvZOME.en.vtt.srt.txt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt Why Wuppertal's Suspended Monorail Wasn't The Future Of Travel-F4KZLcvMQWg.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt Why You Can't Advertise Cancer Cures In Britain-ic_FpRG7Z_k.en.vtt.srt.txt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt Why You Should Write Down Your Goals-18_6kLLKoEc.en.vtt.srt.txt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt Why YouTube Streams Don't Count For Christmas № 1-nIkLMmh9KGc.en.vtt.srt.txt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt Will Fits In - Citation Needed 6x03 Bonus Material-aQY8Z-w0e1Q.en.vtt.srt.txt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt Wingwalking Isn't What It Used To Be, And That's A Good Thing-Trqqn2xPaY0.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt You Can Gold Plate Your Tongue For About $2-B98O6LlLT4Y.en.vtt.srt.txt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt You Can Hear The Difference Between Hot and Cold Water-Ri_4dDvcZeM.en.vtt.srt.txt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt Your GPS Shuts Down If It Goes Too Fast-zPtbzJlcNKc.en.vtt.srt.txt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt Your Private Messages Might Travel Under This Beach-nl2mQ2HiJZc.en.vtt.srt.txt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt YouTube Doesn't Know Your Password-yoMOAIzBSpY.en.vtt.srt.txt off. Really? CD Walkman? The international sign there for a CD Walkman. It's the gimbal... Wobbly CD Walkman. Woooo! You see, children... Hello. In the old days... we used to have to take our music with us on little plates that looked like a little shiny disc. You would put them in a machine, and when you walked, if you walked too fast, the music would jump, like Spotify when it's s***. Can you believe, children, that you could only listen to one album at a time? A small bit of our audience is post-MP3. Like, they were born after the — Why would you post the MP3 when you could email it? Out. Well, you have to print it out first, don't you? You are entirely right. It was an entire cabin. The saloon of the boat was suspended on gimbals and kept horizontal so you weren't rolled about. That's gonna be worse, isn't it? That's gonna be like the old British Rail APT. Advanced Passenger Train, yes. Because your brain is gonna go, 'Hang on a minute, I'm moving but not moving,' and the net result is: Heulgh! Everywhere. 'I can see that I'm moving... but I'm not.' Yes. And the other problem is, it only stopped roll. It didn't stop pitch, and it also didn't stop surge, I think it's surge — or heave. Heave, that's it. I think heave was the problem we were trying to get rid of. [General heaving sounds] The technical ship term is 'heave', which is the up-and-down, the kind of feeling that gravity is increasing and decreasing. So you're just in this saloon... ...that's not moving in one axis, but is moving in the other two. Yes. Sorry, I'm just imagining someone called Serge and someone called Heave. Yves? The butler with the inner ear problem: Ask Heaves. 'Well, sir... oh. Oh God. 'Erm, I could give you — blergh!' Ask Heaves! His little icon is a butler who's going: — Slightly green in the face. — Yes! If anyone does want to quickly Photoshop that up... yeah. So the ship, it was actually made, it set sail. It went from Dover to Calais. What happened when it got to Calais? Crashed! Point! [DING] Just kept going. It quite literally did. Right now it's somewhere in Austria. You can have a point for that as well [DING], because it failed to answer the helm, and just hit the pier. 'It's ringing! Someone pick up! Helm!' 'Hello?' You know that gag from Airpline! where the plane just comes through the window? That and the Calais pier. It just kept going. At which point did it stop, Sir Henry Bessemer pokes out and goes, 'Partial success.' 'We got over, and we f***ed up a bit of France.' 'Turn round!' I like how you went with Airplane! rather than Speed II. Where it happens with a boat. Yeah. Okay, yes, that's true. After two attempts to enter the harbour, it crashed into the Calais pier *again*, this time demolishing part of it. Erm... the ship remained in dock, and then was sold for scrap. It did actually have a trial with passengers on board, but one important bit didn't work. The passengers. They were all on strike. [Laughter] The wiggly thing. The wiggly thing, yes, exactly right. [DING] So it's SS Bessemer's non-wiggly wiggly thing. Yes. So it worked better on the way back when it was broken... Yes. Than on the way over when it was working. Yup. What happened to the saloon? Because the saloon was really well appointed — not the gimbal bit, but the actual sort of really lavish drawing room? Shipped to shore and used as a restaurant or... given to a hotel or... Yeah, [DING] I'll give you a point for that. His house? I'll give you both a point. [DING] The designer had it moved to his home. But it still kind of kept level even though it wasn't really moving. You could have it as a flight simulator! Or boat simulator. 'When you are in an earthquake, 'you will want to be in this room,' was what he said. 'For you can have all the experience of earthquake, but without the roll.' Yes! 'Have you ever wanted to experience just two-thirds of an earthquake?' 'A vast improvement, sir! A vast improvement!' What eventually happened to that saloon? The last surviving bit of the ship? Sold for scrap. Well, again, it had a slight problem in about the mid-1940s. Did it get all blown up? Yes, have a point. Direct hit from a bomb in World War Two. [DING] And it wasn't radioactive until that point. Because all the furniture was made of uranium. A warming seat. Yeah! Oh, that'd be horrible, wouldn't it? You know that unnerving warmth when you take over somebody's seat? Just a seat that has that all the time. Just sits in the room with people going, '...ooh. Oh no...' 'Ooo.' 'Oh.' On that, congratulations Chris, you win the show... [Laughs] Seems unlikely. You got points. Eh, whatever! On that note, congratula — Gary got the biscuits. Yeah, but the biscuits aren't points. Oh no, yeah, you got points. The points are points. You may have gathered, viewers, that this entire show is bulls***. [Laughter] In so many different ways. Except when he wins. Then it's really good, you'll notice. Then it's brilliant! Congratulations Chris, you win this show. You've won rum and lime-flavoured Mexican food cooked by the star of Taxi and Matilda. It's a Danny DeVito mojito burrito. That sounds all right, actually. Do I get to meet the chef? Sadly no, it was shipped over. It's a bit cold now. Awww. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel, to Matt Gray, Goodbye, YouTube. ...to Gary Brannan. I've been Tom Scott. We'll see you next time. ...no. That would be part of the 'Reckless'. ...no, it didn't. No. What, like a hippo spray? That kind of thing? Oh, don't — I've seen that. ...Doctor Bradford Crayne, which — Bradford! — just sounds like... Bradford Crayne. 'Hello, Bradford Cranes... 'yeah, we've got a 9-ton, a 14-ton, 'and erm, Maurice Micklewhite.' ...Where's the hyphen in that? I'm trying to diagram the sentence... [Laughter] Yeah! Anywhere you can put a hyphen changes it. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
You might have seen Salvation Mountain in music videos or in documentaries. It attracts people. Even for folks who aren't religious, this hill, covered in half a million gallons of latex paint and sitting in the middle of the sun blasted California desert, this hill has something about it. And it was the work of just one person. Leonard Knight was a man who, he was kinda lost, just cruising around trying to figure out what to do. He discovered Jesus, so he had a mission, and then he started doing things. and he made a hot air balloon, like 200 foot, sewed it all together with all these praises to God on it. Brought it out here. The desert ended up taking its toll on the balloon, but he stayed and he built this mountain. But you really have to look at it to get the big picture. That sand hill, that way, shows exactly what was here. Couple little straggly bushes and a flat hill of sand. And Leonard built all this. He added extra clay, hay bales, whatever it took to build this all up. He just kept goin' and goin'. He was going to dome the whole thing off. And he never really thought of himself as a artist, he more thought of himself as somebody just doing what he was doing. He was a persistent dude. This mountain originally fell after three and a half years of building. He rebuilt. He had a passion, and this is so beautiful. 28 years of dedication. Try dedicating 28 minutes to something nowadays, realistically. I think about that. Leonard Knight had no training, no collective of other folks around him. The technical term is outsider art. He wasn't inspired by anyone else's work, unless you count God. He wasn't imitating great artists, he wasn't asking for feedback from friends around him, he just created this, and it resonated with the world. Years after his death, there's a group of people here who give their time preserving his legacy. We have so many people coming from everywhere. I've met people from little countries in Africa, to all over Europe, to floating little islands and this and that, it's amazing. And some people, they come here for the religional deals on it, cool. Some people come here for pretty people takin' pretty pictures at a pretty place, which-- be respectful, and that's cool too. It's getting you out, you're doing stuff. They're getting off their couches and getting away from the TVs and stuff, which is... TV is awesome too, though, so I'm not knocking TV. Paint donations that we get here, most of them come from the visitors. They'll bring a couple of cans, couple of cans turn into a hundred cans. Let's say I wanted to paint that heart. I would have to wait a considerable amount of time 'til I had enough really beautiful red to mix up to paint that heart. And then it makes it so much more satisfying when you do do it. But the best thing is, that our paint comes really from the heart, from the people. Even if this were to fall apart, it's inspired so many people, filmmakers, pilgrims, and tourists alike, that it'll live on in memories, in photographs, and yes, in music videos. The moment I knew about it, I wanted to come here and see it for myself. I started volunteering here because I realised how important it was to everybody that came here. And so I volunteered more, and eventually they had me be like a greeter and I would, "Da-de-dah-de-dah." Then I was like, "Well, can I paint while I greet?" "Oh yeah, go ahead." "Da-de-dah-de-dah." Next thing you know I'm the caretaker and I've been living here a year and a half. In my heart I'm the preservationist of this place. I've tried to paint it all the same and make it beautiful and keep it. When I fix it, I fix it good. If I can't fix it good, don't fix it yet, leave it alone. Leave it alone 'til you can do it right. The biggest thing is: this is about love. Leonard's love was God, and his relationship with Jesus. But all kinds of love is awesome. Like these people all just love cruising around and hanging out, doing stuff. That's all makes everything better. We don't think about all the dumb crap in this world. And you know what? Then the dumb crap in this world really becomes dumb crap in this world and it doesn't have a powerful voice. There's not many places in this world where it's good, and nothing's expected of you. We hope you would donate money to us 'cause that's how we do it, but if you don't, cool! We got free souvenirs anyway, and there's constantly stuff going on. But if you show up on a Saturday, you'll get to see what this is really about. It is just packed with people having a good time, respecting the mountain, respecting each other, it's awesome! Some folks would say it's divine inspiration. Some folks would be a bit more cynical and say that it had to be someone. Of all the millions, perhaps billions of people who ever tried creating art with no experience and no training, yes, statistically someone was going hit the jackpot. But it's difficult to be cynical here. So I brought a couple of cans of paint along as part of my own pilgrimage, because as it turns out, I want to help preserve this as well.
Welcome to Genoa, a beautiful port city in the north of Italy. It's a very vertical city, built on a lot of hills. So many hills, in fact, that the city has several funicular railways and elevators tunnelled through the rock, shortcuts that get around miles of twisty, congested roads or thousands of stairs. And the strangest one of these is the Ascensore Castello d'Albertis Montegalleto. Or: the castle elevator. Years ago, you'd have to walk through 300m of tunnel yourself to reach the lift, but now, if you start at the bottom, an odd little square box comes to pick you up. It looks a bit like a regular elevator car, only going horizontally. You get on, it takes you the 300 metres through the rock, past some control equipment and then, after a bit of shunting around with another box that's headed the other way... It goes vertically, right up to the castle at the top of the hill. Now you might think, that's a great idea in theory, it's like a Star Trek turbolift, but surely that's dangerous? And I say that wearing a red shirt. Elevators need to have all sorts of protection systems so one bad cable can't snap and cause disaster. How can they possibly make one that has all that protection when it's got to detach itself and move off? The answer is: they can't. Because that's not what it's doing. And in hindsight, the solution is kind of obvious: there are two separate systems here. It's the same hack that Disney use for the Tower of Terror at their theme parks: the bit that the passengers get into can only go horizontally on its own. It attaches to a cable that pulls it along. When it reaches the lift shaft, it's actually getting into another, bigger elevator, it attaches itself firmly to that, and then it gets hoisted up and down in safety as if it were a regular passenger elevator. It's a brilliant bit of engineering. And it's all so people don't have to walk 300 metres to a regular lift. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, please welcome, he reads books y' know, it's Chris Joel. Hey up. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. ♪ Have you ever seen your granny passing water down by the old mill stream? ♪ She pisses for an hour and a quarter and you can't see her arse for steam ♪ The bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray. Hi! This is the final episode and I'm feeling a bit like a teacher on the last day of school. But nevertheless, today we are talking about the sweater curse. Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt off, that's no way we're ending this on jumpers. -The sweater curse? -The sweater curse. Chafing. Yeah, absolutely, if you're jogging on the nipples, or so I am told. Don't jog on anybody's nipples, Gary, it's very rude, even if they've asked. "What I do in the comfort my own hotel room, is none of your business." This sounds like it's the title for a Goosebumps book. Well, the alternate title for this article is the Curse of the Love Sweater. -The love sweater. -That sounds like a different type of novel. I think I've seen that film, I paid a few pounds for it, and well, it happened late at night, and well, it certainly didn't record properly as it turned out. And you know a lot about my reading habits, if I'm calling the Goosebump books 'novels'. So small. Yeah, one of the great works of literature is Say Cheese and Die. We're talking about a genre of sweaters, if you like. -A genre of sweaters. -A genre. That may have been slightly too fancy a term to use. -A genre? -Romance, westerns, large print? Romance, I'm going to give you a point for romance. It's… it's, of course, yeah, well, eh? I like how fast you went from 'I completely understand that' to 'I have no idea.' It was like a sliding scale. It was a gently Buddhist experience, that, actually. In a 2005 poll, 15% of knitters said they had experienced the sweater curse first hand. Is it just really hard to knit a specific type of sweater? Not, this is not what that's about. I mean it is, it's a massive investment to actually knit a sweater, in time and money. Has their relationship broken down because they've spent so much time knitting? I don't know what my face was pulling there. It was great, just roll with it. I think the word you were looking for is 'climax'. 'Relationship breaking down' is the key word there. What might the curse of the love sweater be? The sweater's only half finished before the break up happens. "But I've knitted it for you." And that's the key, that's the absolute key. "It's a present." The belief that if you give a hand-knit sweater to a significant other, it will lead to the recipient breaking up with the knitter. -Really? -Wow! Or the relationship will end before the sweater is even completed. You are absolutely right. Knit small things. Or have a small significant other. There are six possible mechanisms here, but it does say this has not been studied systematically. Divorced beheaded died, divorced beheaded survived. "Henry, I've made you this swea... well, you know what, never mind." You'd have to keep putting new panels in for his girth, wouldn't you? Also how does a poncho stay on when you've been beheaded? Depends if you try doing cartwheels in it or not really, doesn't it? Depends how much stump there is left. Can I say, at no point in humanity's awful beheading history has everyone looked at it and gone, "Would that work with a poncho?" Six mechanisms. Knit knit knit, knit knit purl, knit purl knit, knit purl purl, purl purl purl. That's five. The other combination, there must be six, it's three things. No. These are mechanisms for why the curse might happen. Spent too long knitting and not enough attention on your lover. Yeah, I'll give you a point for that. The knitter loves their sweater a little too much, and pesters the significant other. Spends too much time needling them. Hey! -No. -This is why we're finishing this s***! I don't know, that was a pearler. Hey! Knitting gags, this is what you came for, isn't it, knitting jokes? Stop being crochet-y. Hey! This is where I try and drop another one in. Hey! We'll cast you off at that. Oh! This is what you want! Did you hear that? That was the sound of knitting pun fatigue, just clunk, just appearing. Did you think we knew that much about knitting? -No. -No. That's… But we know words. So, yes, misdirected attention is one of them. Well, I suppose it did cost a bit of wool, might cost, yeah. Wool costs a lot, if you pick a nice wool. Oh, yes, but that's not listed here. It doesn't fit and they all get all grumpy because they said they're too fat or too thin. I'll, yeah, I'll give you that, insufficient gratitude. Oh! 'Why are you knitting me a jumper? 'I look s*** in jumpers and I don't like them, and I don’t like wool.' And I don't like you, bye. You know what, that … yes, aversion. The significant other may not want to wear it, because the sweater looks bad or conveys overly domestic connotations. -Oh, like 'Number One Husband' or something. -Uh-huh. Or you look like you're wearing a jumper that's been knitted by your significant other. Yes. Why would you start that without saying, "Do you want one?" That is another problem. The person does not actually wear jumpers. We're leading into something here. People naturally break up inside of 18 months because the endorphins change, and the jumper might take too long anyway. Yes. Or if it's a really big jumper then there's a seven year itch. Unlucky timing, yeah, knitting a sweater takes a long time, and the relationship, it says here, dies of natural causes which... Why is there not a show like, you know, the … I don't know... The Relationship Coroner, is that what we're gonna have? I could do that. Relationship Coroner! We've found our new format, folks. It's 'cause you're a dick. Next question? No, that's true of most advice... like, most advice columnists, half of their replies are gonna be, 'Break up with them, they’re a dick.' That's… that's literally half of their job. That's like my first law of everything, which is 'Don't be a knob.' We have two mechanisms left, we've gone through timing, aversion, misdirected attention, insufficient gratitude. Is one of the mechanisms a loom or a weaving machine, what's a weaving machine called? -A loom. -A loom. It is a loom, yeah. Have they got a loom and is it taking up an entire room in the house? Actually that's a fair point, because people have knitting rooms, don't they, -where they kind of… "Eey-aga-dun-dai, aga-dun-dai..." -I can see you've seen one work before. -If that doesn't get remixed as a beat, I will be very surprised. Dope, put a donk on it. We have here, 'rescue mission' as one of the reasons, what might that be? "The relationship is already dead, your heartshaped sweater will not save it." Yeah, basically, yeah. Chris Joel, the Relationship Coroner. The last one is 'catalyst for analysing the relationship'. -What... -"You've dropped a stitch, "you're always dropping things. "Can't help but feel you dropped my heart six months ago." Chris Joel, Relationship Coroner. Also, possibly, wrong meeting. What's… what's the catalyst there? What's the sweater done? Are you just staring at someone knitting and knitting and knitting and knitting, and thinking to yourself, what the f*** am I doing here? That’s close enough, yes. You have received a gift that has had so much time and effort put into it, that you go, 'This really isn't a fair trade here, I'm not really, oh, oh, oh...' And we could have been doing it while you knittin'. -Not while you're knitting. -Gary Brannan, relationship defibrillator. The idea would be you… What's some of the advice given to knitters to avoid the sweater curse, other than don't knit a sweater? Ask permission. Yes. Yes, involve the person you're trying to knit a sweater for. Don't simply go, "Here's a sweater," out of nowhere. "Here's a thing I spent three years making, here, you love it, don't you?" So the categories on this article, There is… there is a game here where you try and guess the article from the categories. Because here it has curses, knitting, luck, and clothing controversies. Oh, we are looking at clothing controversies. Yes, we are. God, you're glad you came aren't you? I guarantee that at least one of these, I'm going to read the article and go, about five seconds in, "Oh no, we're not talking about that." -I can name one that'll be on the list. -Yeah. Lady Gaga's meat dress. It is not on the list. Janet Jackson's tit. Surprisingly not on the list, but the phrase, 'Wardrobe malfunction' is, so I'll give you a point. Okay, don't Google, don't look at that one on Wikipedia, that's got a very revealing photo on it. Saves for later. Alright, clothing controversies through history, the Dress Act 1746. Banning of tartan post 1745. -Yes, you are exactly right. -"You're banned, get out!" This is buffalo check, peasant! T***. Yes. This was the Act that made Highland dress illegal in Scotland. -Yeah, banned the bagpipes and stuff as well. -What, dressing in the Highland? Is that why everybody moved to the cities, at least they could put a t-shirt on? There's a place on the Isle of Seil that is known as the Trouser House. Isn't that just a seal? -Well, you will, you… -Arf! No, you've just got Kiss from a Rose, kind of always drifting through. But it's not really an island, it's separated by a very small amount of water, -but, so it technically is. -About a teaspoon. Pretty much really, and it's called... it's known as the Trouser House, because the rumour, the legend has it that that's the place you would change from your tartan, from your kilt into a pair of trousers because you're going onto the mainland. It's almost certainly, to use the terms historians use, 'w***.' On that note the Hat Act a few years earlier, 1732. -Hat Act? -Is that why everyone wears hats in old films, because a proper gentleman would wear their bowler or their top? They wouldn't need a hat though, wouldn't need an act to do that. -It's probably banning or… -Oh, is it … is it when you do the… No, it's the spinning down the arm thing, down the back of the neck and all that dealie. The Hat Act, no, it is an act of Parliament. It's limiting the height of stove pipes in Parliament. Limiting something, limiting where the hats are coming from. -Abroad. -Below. Was it to stimulate the British hat industry, therefore banning the import of the hat? -From where? -France. -No. -Netherlands. I'm still giving you a point but it's a specific area rather than country here. -The head. -Is it east? -Try again. -The west. -Which would be? -America. -Yes. -Banning American hats. Banning colonial hats, yes, in order to protect the British hat industry. They're all baseball caps, they're not stylish. We're going back further now, 1363, the Statute Concerning Diet and Apparel. This is the sumptuary laws, this, because Strap yourselves in kids, post… Here we go, we’re on history, this is a Brannan one. And this is the period. Yeah, yeah, get your phones out, some of you may wish to. Post Black Death there's a massive boom in the economy. You get a massive change in how people dress because people have more disposable income. So people's dress is getting out of whack, the rich people say that the poor people are dressing too nicely. So they introduce a law that restricts the kind of clothes that certain classes of people can wear, so everyone knows who is who. Yes. Thank you. Alright, so I'm now out of clothing controversies articles. So I'm going to continue to pick some at random and we'll see where we go with this. Let's do this. What was the Rational Dress Society, 1881 in London? -Sensible dress. No frivolity. -You can't... Is it that bit from Jurassic Park where Ian Malcolm's going on about wearing black? Can you not wear the square root of minus one? No πs. That's imaginary, isn't it, not irrational? -I win! -S***. Yeah, I'm not giving you a point for Pi there, my hand went to the button, before I realised it wasn't remotely the question I'd asked. -No. -The Rational Dress Society. They want people to be dressed properly in all places and not rough or dirty or scruffy like. It's not so much about the quality of the dress as more what the dress does to them. Does it make everyone look uniform? Is it a uniform? -No. -I just realised what the word means... -Oh yeah. -That's what uniform means. Oh yeah. We all learned something today. Well at least we did. Yeah, it taught me a lesson. The leading members of the society were Lady Harberton, Mary Eliza Haweis , I'm probably mispronouncing that, and Constance Wilde, the wife of Oscar Wilde. Now, given we're in 1881 and those are… Oh, egalitarian standards of dress. Egalitarian in what sense? Gender equality. Yes, I'll give you the point but it's very specifically something about women's dress then, that men's dress didn't do. Oh, is it egalitarian as in like made out of eagles? I realise I'm asking three blokes here who are not from the 1880s but… Speak for yourself. Men's dress had certain freedoms that women's dress didn't back then. Is it pockets and the ability to ride a bicycle? Ooh, I'll give you a point for bicycle because the Lady Cyclists Association were very keen on this. Because ladies were encouraged to ride side-saddle. Now imagine how that worked, everybody, in that they could only kind of go on one pedal basically, because skirts. Is it going back to the big flow-y skirts and corsetry and all of that kind of stuff that they all wore? What about corsetry? It was right hurty. Yes. They were asking for freedom of movement and absence of pressure. -Oh! -I don't blame them. The last one then in clothing controversies. What is vanity sizing? Oh! Again, I heard all the women in the audience going 'yeah, we know about this'. We’ve got three blokes from Yorkshire here, good luck. If you can imagine what it would look like for three monkeys scrapping in a barrel of tar, this is what it's going to look like right now. It is where the actual measured dimension of any given garment of you, is quite different to the size on the label. You know how we... we knew the things about knitting earlier? -Yeah. -We might know some things about clothing. -Gary? -Yeah, the wife crochets and knits, so... Lovely. In which case at the end of the show, congratulations, you all win this one. Hey! Cop-out! Cop-out! I refuse to win. Fine, Gary and Matt! You win this one. Hey! Well, I think the winner is the audience. Aww. Liar! No, the real winning is in your hearts. Jesus, f***. You are a knob. Congratulations, you win a DVD of the little known crossover between a marsupial from Australia and a Time Lord from Gallifrey. It's Skippy the Bush Dr Who. Hey! With that for the final time we say goodbye to Chris Joel, -Gary Brannan. -I don’t want to go. -Matt Gray. -Bye. I've been Tom Scott, we'll see you around.
This is the Technical Difficulties, and we are playing Two Of These People Are Lying because two of these people will be. - Chris Joel. - Hello! Gary Brannan. And Churchill said to me, "If you've been wearing a thong the wrong way around for 25 years, "you deserve to be in the Camel Corps." And Matt Gray! I like how I have to try and explain it while still laughing at you, every single time. The three of us have picked a Wikipedia article, you probably know it by now, and then Tom is shuffling them. He's going to pick one. Two of us will be lying about what that article is, one of us will be telling the truth. And we are talking about, Hagia Sophia. Hag-ee-a Sophia, Hog-ee-u... Matt, how do you pronounce it? Hagia Sophia. I have no idea, I'm just reading it the same way as you. - Oh, okay, right. - It's a band. It's a band, all right. - Uh, Gary. - It is a museum in Istanbul. Museum in Istanbul, and Chris. It is the site of a well-known piece of graffiti. Ooh. That is interesting enough, we're going to start with it. Chris, site of a well-known piece of graffiti. Yeah, it is a holy-site-cum-temple, somewhere in the Near East, but it's noted for having a piece of Viking graffiti that effectively boils down to, "Halfdan was here." - Halfdan? - Halfdan! It's a good Viking name. I presume. Presumably he wrote it one-handed and hopped in or something, I dunno. Is that a whole name, Halfdan? - Yeah, I think it's Halfdan. You know. - Right. You could probably do with the right letters. - Right. Okay. - I can't. Gary, a museum in Istanbul. Yes, it has a big dome. I mean, a lot of places in Istanbul do. Yeah, indeed they do, it's a former site of an orthodox Christian church, later a mosque, now a museum noted for interesting things within it, as you often get in former converted site. I mean, generally museums are known for interesting things within them. - Yes. - Mmm... I dunno, some museums... Did you go to the Colour Museum in Bradford? - The what? - The what? - The Colour Museum. - Is it just, like, samples of colours? Yeah, because because Bradford used to be the centre of the wool dying trade. - So you have the colour-- - Oh. You have the Wool Dyers Association, who set up a museum of colour, and how you doing dying and colours. I was about to write that down, realised it's got nothing to do with this whatsoever. - It hasn't, no. - Do carry on. But an interesting little vignette for you there. Yes, the museum in Istanbul with a big dome. Yeah, and things within it. What can I say? Some of the things within it would be a start! Right, there's doors. I'm not pissing about, there's doors. There's the Emperor's Door, which was a door that would be proceeded through by emperors. There's what was described as the Nice Door, which is a particularly fine example, and-- There's the back door, and then the side door. And a Sweaty Column. I beg your pardon? A sweaty, it's described as the Sweating Column. The stone perspires. - It is very euphemistic. - Yeah. Sweating or sweaty? Well, either probably fits, does it not? The one causes the other. The Sweaty Column and a load of doors in a museum in Istanbul with a big dome. Correct, that's not... that's genuinely what that is. Because the Sweating Column is where the heat transfers and the water comes out, and obviously it's been used as a devotional thing, 'cause it heals ailments and stuff like that. Does it, though? Yeah? Site of controversy, obviously. Erdogan in Turkey has tried to bring it back into religious use. All right, Matt, it's a band. They're a folk band. Folk band, right, okay. And they are from the Scottish Highlands. Scottish Highlands. And I've, once again, I should've done more research. I've picked another article that didn't have too much on it, so I clicked through to their website, and they are playing Chelmsford Folk Festival on Thursday. - Oh. - I mean, that's unhelpful for everyone who's watching this months later. - Yeah, but-- - Yeah, but it's good for us. Who'd have thought Chelmsford would have a folk festival? It seems like reasonable place to have a folk festival. - If it was the, the, the-- - The, the, the, the-- But then again, it's a place with folk in it, so I suppose it can work for a folk festival. It's a festival of folk. Just a long parade of random people. This is a folk, here's some folk. So they're playing Chelmsford Folk Festival on Thursday. - Yes. - And I looked through to their website. The Wikipedia doesn't list any articles or... albums or singles or anything, which intrigued me, which is the main reason I clicked on their website. They have a Bandcamp. - So they just release stuff in fits and starts. - Nice. Why do they qualify for a Wikipedia article? Is it just like someone from the band's made this, or... ♪ It's called a stub... ♪ It didn't say it was a stub, but it was stub length. I like how I can't get a whole sentence out without being interrupted today. Do you like that? 'Cause it'd really annoy me. Well, it's handy the times I was making things up, because then I had more time to think. But yeah, it was a short article. It didn't complain about being a stub, or just being promotional, but I think it's so small no one cares. All right. Man. Gary, I don't think it's the museum. Okay. I think there are a lot of places like that, but I think it fell apart on the phrase Sweaty Column. As has often been the problem in my career. Chris, I think that's a genuine piece of graffiti, I just think it's probably not in that place. I don't think that that works. Matt, I think it's a folk band with a tiny stub article. Am I right? - No! - Oh, no. Okay, did you just make that up with no detail whatsoever? Yes. Right, well you get the point, and the question is, Chris, should I have picked you again? No... however. So, the Hagia Sophia. Yep. Is a near-Eastern religious site. Yeah, that's what you said. It is now a museum, with a sweaty column in it that exists in much the way that Gary describes it. Oh, had Gary picked an article that you already knew something about? And, it has in it a piece of Viking graffiti what says, "Halfdan was here." I don't understand. Gary's was true, but I knew something about it. But enough not to tread on his toes. So you're both right? I'm so confused! So only one of these people were lying! "At the northwest of the building, "there is a column with a hole in the middle, "covered by bronze plates. "The column goes by different names, The Perspiring Column, "The Wishing Column, the Sweaty Column, or the Crying Column." So you were both-- "The column is said to be damp when touched and has supernatural powers, "because St. Gregory the Miracle-Worker appeared near the column in 1200, "and since then it has been moist." So I could have picked either of you. If you'd've picked me, you would've technically been wrong. Not my article, but that is a true fact about that place. Oh, that's cruel. That's cruel, but it doesn't matter because I picked the one person-- Who was definitely lying. Excellent, lovely. Gary, go get yourself a new article. We'll be back in a moment. Gary has gone and got a new article. I'm going to pick one off here. And for the second half, we are talking about Batlow. Batlow. Starting with Gary on this one, I think. Gary, could you please tell me about Batlow? Batlow is a river in North Yorkshire. All right, that's exactly what I thought it was, looking at that title. Fair enough. It has the unique distinction of being the shortest river in the county. Shortest in the county. Being three feet long. I'm laughing at the look on Tom's face. The River Batlow is, in fact, an trench. In the geography community, that is why it is notable in that there is obviously a lot of debate over whether it is a river or just, ya know, a big trenchy puddle. Well, it's a small trench. I's not even a big trench. But because it's on a slope, it has a feeder at the top. so it's got a spring at the top that's feeding it. Just playing the same set over and over again. - And it flows-- - Has it got a CD player, player, player? Yes, it has. If you were to park next to it, which is very difficult-- And one leather seat that's been thrown in there. And it could, because it flows-- With cider. Into another larger-- Lemon. F***ing hell. Into another larger tributary, therefore it classes under the definition of what people say is rivers, as a river. Now, do you remember back when we did the first run of these? Yeah? That I was quite rude in one of the early episodes. I just kind of immediately struck one off, because I didn't believe it at all. Tell ya what, readers, let's see how this one pans out for Colonel Cockypants sat diagonally-- Unfortunately, unfortunately, the thing that killed it was "three feet", because -- and you weren't to know this, Gary, you weren't to know this. But by the time this episode of the show has gone out, I will have done a video about the shortest rivers in the world. - Oh, s***. - And-- I mean, I vouchsafe your research came up short. - Ahh. - Hey, short! Chris. Batlow. Batlow is a small village in Shropshire. Village in Shropshire, yep, and Matt. It's a town in New South Wales. Town in New South Wales, ah. The same place in Australia you went for last time, when you needed to quickly grab-- Oh s***, it was, wasn't it? Oh, this might be a quick one. - All right, let's, let's... let's go. - That's what you usually say. Oh, you've wounded him with your striking out. I'm going to ask both of you, and take this in whichever order you like, what is significant about those towns? Mine's not a town, you weren't listening. - It's a village. - It's a village. What is significant about those conurbations? - Apples. - That's a strong start. I think he's talking about mine. - Apples, what about 'em? - Remember we touched on - the Big Lobster in the past? - Oh yes. - LOBBO! - LOBBO! A long, long time ago. Can we get one of those link bubbles, please? Just 'cause it is the primogenesis of this horrible mistake. Originally founded in the late 1800s, as a place where there was gold. - Someone went, "Hey look--" - Gold! "Bet there's some gold here." Then the gold ran out, and then they went-- "There's no gold here!" Oh, let's grow some apples. - I mean, that's-- - In the gold mine. It's in Wynyard County. Wynyard County, not Vineyard County. Wynyard County. Yeah, Wynyard County. It's spelled W-Y-N yard. Oh, Wynyard. Wynyard County, all right. Ahh, that's all possible. I don't see anything wrong with that. Chris, the village in Shropshire. Batlow? Formerly a hamlet? All right. Became a village in 1953, when it eventually grew large enough to be listed as such? All right. Named for Battle Low, the low ground on which the battle was fought in 1210? Oh! It's a difficult one. I mean, it's not a difficult one with Gary, but it's a difficult one between Chris and Matt. Pff, careful-- It's a good job he's drinking out of a mug, I think you'd have been glassed by now. Yeah, all I've got to say is one thing: "Careful, Icarus." It was just a really unlucky guess, that's all! If it turns out it is, then frankly-- You've got another f***ing video to make, haven't you? If it is, if it is, I didn't need to go to Finland for that video. Is that a humble brag? I think it might be. It totally is. - And you've been to Finland? - Uh-huh. Did you go through the airport? That's right, you went to Finland-- Yes, I did! You're really good at things in Finland and scotching them out quickly, aren't you, Tom? Because you knew all about the airport, and the little kebab. So maybe the short river in Finland, maybe-- Sorry, the short river where? In Finland, as you just said, might be where you come up short in Finnish things. Matt, I think it's you. I think it's your village in New South Wales, am I right? Yes, its town sign says Batlow with a big apple, and underneath it says Famous for Apples. I don't know why I'm miming it, I can show you a picture. That's great, I need that. I mean, you know what, that's on the nose enough, I like that. Don't mess around. Famous for apples. It is named after a Mr. Batlow, who surveyed a town site nearby the mining area, and was renamed Batlow in 1889. What was it called before? Please tell me it had a proper crappy name like Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt Seeing Things - Visual Disturbances We All Experience-WKQT1MXfasM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt Sergeant Reckless and Terry Google - Citation Needed 3x03-nKOcrH_PyU0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt Shanghai Fugu and Mucky Fat - Citation Needed 4x04-G6f5k_nO9ZY.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt Ships, Mines and Magnetism-LG-X23aVud0.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt Sidney Weltmer and the Queen's Package - Citation Needed 3x04-egbJ8p2UVKk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt Sign Language Isn't Universal-viRVFxvXSss.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt Simplehuman and Russian Toilette - Citation Needed 1x04-v0e8GV6QKf4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt Slowing Down A Stock Exchange With 38 Miles Of Cable-d8BcCLLX4N4.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt Some Places Have Lower Gravity Than Others-cLVWRHuPsas.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt Stefania Follini and a Moon Theremin - Citation Needed 1x03-RYENl-P3Zh8.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt Stephens Island Wren and the Cobra Effect - Citation Needed 6x03-RC2qosa3Wjo.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt Stopping a Disastrous Plan with Science - the Bay Model-i70wkxmumAw.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Creek or something like that. Yes! Reedy Creek. That's the name for Disneyland-- Disney World's area, isn't it, Reedy Creek? - Is it? - Yeah. It was established around the Reedy Flat post office. - Ahh. - Reedy Flat. Who was posting letters there if there's no one living there? That was a really unlucky thread to go on, Gary. I would've absolutely gone for it. It was the words "three feet" that gave you, if you'd have said 20 metres, if you'd said 100 I'd have completely gone for it. But a three-foot river? Could happen. It would be a puddle, mate. If anyone's done research in the last two months, it's him. Yeah, but what makes a river then? Cause I thought if it's got a feed water at the top-- Well, you'll just have to watch the video. Self-promoting f***! Chris, sorry it was-- No, it's fine. It was a tough choice between two plausible towns there. We still don't have an outro. Bye!
Is this what I had on my stag do? I remember that! Well, you do more than I do, let's be honest(!) I just remember the injuries, Tom, and the pain involved. Oh, no, I thought you were talking about the meal afterwards! Not the paintball. Oh my god. Yes, and that. -- His stag do, we went on paintball. -- We did. And then they said, right, stags and the birthday boys, line up for the shooting gallery. One shot at you. Which I was fine with. I thought, I can take that. I've had more than that in the course of the day I'd been wearing a pink tabard with a target on it for all of it which is "what you do when you're on these things"(!) So I've taken a fair few shots to all over my body. And then they say, "one shot" -- no, it's not one shot. Everyone just unloads their guns towards you. Yeah, I think the point I realised afterwards... you're supposed to run away. Everyone apart from you did. And I just stood and took a hail of pellets! Like, we took a few shots... I was in that position! Then most of our group went "no, no, that's enough" "This is wrong!" Everyone else is like "he's not running"! The point was, I'm just stood up, I'm supposed to just stand there and go "have at it again", basically, but I think they'd have brought out, I imagine, a paint cannon or something that would have just loaded up with a tin of Dulux, just firing it! In the tin! The thing I remember more from that paintball, Tom, is you trying to use your grenade. Oh, I'd forgotten that! There was a castle at the top of the slope, Tom's idea was to try and somehow, I don't know, spook them out that a ghost was coming or something by throwing a very small can of smoke... I had a smoke grenade! I wanted to use the smoke grenade! Yeah. I don't think the appropriate place to use it is a) a heavily armed fort which gives away where we are, lest we forget, because they'll see where it came from, and b) one of those that's on a hill where you didn't quite get it to the apex of the hill and it rolled back down towards us... It was a smokescreen! ...disguising us within a smokescreen which is novel(!). Let's put it this way. In military terms. Unless we'd sprang out from the other side of the smoke, we had very little hope. That's fair. You... you fumigated your own side. Although, if you're getting me with this, then I'm going to get you with the aerial ropes course. Where you had the zip line... And it wasn't a zip line down. Zip line across. So you put enough energy in, you'll go off. Unless... I'd like to stress at this point, it was a very shallow angle on the rope. Right? ...unless you fail to stick the landing, in which case you bounce off the far tree, and you just... Did you do a Boris Johnson?! -- No! -- Yes! In the middle, dangling... Oh, actually, yes. And someone has to come along with a large thing for him to grab on to and drag him over And then I nearly did it again! Yeah, you nearly did. All right? It was like one-all, on that one. On the other hand, you got married, so you won in the end.
This is the Thames, the river that flows through London. Now, in the 19th century the Thames stank, literally. The flush toilet had been invented, but the sewerage system hadn't, which meant that all that waste got flushed straight into the Thames. Now, to make that worse, the Thames is tidal here, so, it didn't always just get washed out to sea, sometimes it came back. Actually, it's a bit more complicated than that, because salty water is heavier, so, it kind of went over the... Anyway, that doesn't matter, what matters is that Joseph Bagel... Joseph Bazalgette! I keep saying "Bagelgette", Joseph Bazalgette-- a wonderful Victorian engineer with an enormous ridiculous mustache -- built the massive sewerage system, that now flushes most of London's waste away, Including right here, underneath the Embankment, but that was built for a 19th century London and stayed during the 20th. And now, this is such a big city, such an enormous metropolis, that there is not enough capacity, so here is something you might not know: the Thames to this day still sometimes has raw sewage pumped into it. After a strong rain storm, if it's been raining for days and there's just too much crap for London to deal with, the Thames gets it instead. And that is something you might not know, that the Thames still has a bit of 19th century stink in to it now and again. [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm on the 19th floor of One Canada Square in London and that is a GORGEOUS sunset . And soon the sun will dip below the horizon and it will be twilight. See, night doesn't technically start-- at least under formal definitions -- until the sun is 18° below the horizon. And until then, there are three types of twilight: First of all there is civil twilight, that's when the sky is still fairly light and you can walk about without worrying you're going to trip over something, that's 0° to 6° below the horizon. Next up is nautical twilight, that's when you can just about see the horizon against the sky if you're navigating on a boat, that's 6° to 12°. And finally there is astronomical twilight, where it's still just a little bit too light for the really faint objects like nebulae and galaxies to come out in the sky, that: 12° to 18°. And then finally, when the sun tips under that, then it formally becomes night. But the thing is in midsummer, when it's really really bright, when it's the sun, high in the sky the United Kingdom is north enough, that it never becomes night, that from evening to morning we are perpetually in twilight, until finally Autumn rolls around and we dip into night once again. America doesn't quite get it, Vancouver in Canada just stretches into that definition, but the whole of the UK, and of course a lot of northern Europe, well, we have entire seasons when we never ever technically have night. That is twilight, that is a really gorgeous sunset and that is something you might not have known. [Closed captions by MM Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I always thought that, as the curtain closes and the coffin sort of slides away: Thunderbirds music. Actually, no, Stingray would be better, with the whole city descending. No, I was thinking the bit where they... you know, Thunderbird 3, they sort of go back. GARY: Ohhh, yes! Have the thing tilt over backwards like... That was Thunderbird 1, wasn't it. Not 3... 3 was the sofa. Thunderbird 2 would be a better coffin delivery system... if we're actually going here... MATT: [Laughs] TOM: Yeah, that's true. Because you've got the combination of slides that could take you all the way down to the crematorium. Gentlemen! Gentlemen: Themed crematorium. MATT: Oooo. GARY: [Gasps] Also... How does Thunderbird 3 launch? [Roar of flame] Are you saying Jeff Tracy should have combined his millionaire's tropical island with a crematorium? Yeah. And then when you're picking up the urn... you've basically got Thunderbird 2 comes along and all the pods go by... CHRIS: 'Oh, there's Granddad!' TOM: [Mechanical whirring] Are we making a series of crematorium gags here? Yes. To be... To go where no man has been before. Crematorium Thunderbirds jokes, let's be clear. Let's be fair. We're not completely stupid and irresponsible. We're talking about, you know, aligning kids' favourites with death. It's what they all need. So you could have like a Virgil Vigil? Ohhhh. I like... that's not worth biscuits, it's just a... Yeah. That's a golf clap. A golf-clap pun there. It's a lovely knock-down... Four... only just made it over the ropes. GARY: Yeah. Yeah. MATT: 'Golf-clap pun...' Tell you what you could do... You could replace all the paintings of the sons with whoever it is that's dead, couldn't you? Yeah, but the thing is, when the eyes light up... ...that's when you know they've hit the flames! If you *haven't* watched Thunderbirds, the last couple of minutes have been very confusing for you. GARY: Pause it. Just get a 'Best Of'. TOM: Yeah. Erm... we were on the coffin ray. Do they spread the Black Death? [Coughs] TOM: Ahh! GARY: Ahh... TOM: Golf-clap pun. GARY: Yeah, golf clap... We'll just signal that one for... Why are we reaming Matt today? What's he done? TOM: It's normally me, so I'm not complaining. CHRIS: Ah, fair.
- Behind me is the Saint Lawrence Seaway, one of the largest public works projects in North America's history. The seaway was a 1950s expansion of small canals and waterways into a huge, navigable path for shipping between the Atlantic and the Great Lakes, along with massive hydroelectric power plants. That expansion came at a cost, though. The water is high today, but when it's low you can still see the foundations of Aultsville, Ontario, one of the lost villages that were flooded to make way for progress. The residents were told that they had to move and see their old town demolished and then drowned beneath new, higher water. They didn't really have any choice in the matter. And then some scientists came along and said: if these homes are going to be demolished and then flooded anyway, can we set them on fire first? - The St. Lawrence Burns was a project where they were trying to study how fires develop in buildings, specifically how it affects the survival of the occupants, as well as how fire spreads from one building to another. The researchers were scientists from the Building Research Division of the National Research Council of Canada. They burned a total of eight buildings, including six single-family dwelling homes, one two-story school, and one community hall. This was a rare opportunity, because up until this point most of the research that was done on fires were either from the aftermaths of real fires or they did it on small-scale lab tests. This, the St. Lawrence Burns, was really the first time that scientists were able to conduct in-field, full-scale research where they had control over the parameters as well as being able to observe the fire from beginning to end. - There's a fair argument that, if the buildings were going to be destroyed anyway, why not take the opportunity to get useful data from them? Whether it's by fire or by water, the result was going to be the same. But it's also tough to ignore the human element. Homes that had been in families for generations, the local school, the community hall, all given a sort of insult to injury by folks coming in from outside for science. Many people weren't even told about the burns. Others chose not to watch. The volunteer fire chief said in an interview years later that watching the flames was "devastating". But the results were probably worth it. - They got a lot of different data, including things like carbon monoxide concentration, smoke density, rise of temperature, oxygen levels. They mounted a microphone in the bedroom. They found out that the noise levels produced by a fire was not enough to wake a sleeping occupant when the bedroom door is closed. The assumption prior to the studies was that convection was the biggest cause of fire spread. But then it turns out it was actually radiant heat that was more likely the culprit. A combustible wood frame house could lead to another house 40 feet away to ignite. And even in a non-combustible building, it could cause another house about 32 feet away to ignite. The St. Lawrence Burns helped change the national building code of Canada, and it saved lives. - Aultsville has almost passed out of living memory today. On aerial photos you can still see ghosts of old roads, structures that haven't been worn away by the water yet. But you could see there's a little bit of Aultsville in every modern home, in everything that's been built in the developed world from the 1960s onwards, because the results from the St. Lawrence Burns here really did change the way that everything was built. Thank you very much to Betty Chen from Articulations. - Where I do videos about art and design. - You'll want to go and check out her video about the ISO-standard exit sign. It's not all science and infrastructure like here, but it is a great little channel. Little? - Yeah, that's fine. It's pretty little!
Tucked away in a valley in the Allegheny Mountains in West Virginia, is this: the Green Bank Radio Telescope, the largest steerable radio telescope in the world. Now if you're building an optical telescope, something that looks at the stars, then you want to be on top of a mountain, you want to get through as much of Earth's atmosphere as you can. But a radio telescope needs to be isolated from all the radio noise that humanity produces. Now, one way is to build it in the middle of a load of mountains. Solid rock does a pretty good job of shielding. But another way is to get everyone around you to just shut up. Welcome to the National Radio Quiet Zone. ...er, this is where I would have used a big, sweeping drone shot to get a dramatic picture. But remote control isn't allowed here. The job of the Green Bank telescope is actually really, really flexible, from looking at objects in the solar system to looking at objects halfway across the universe and further. It was instrumental in uncovering the molten core of Mercury. It helped resolve a sort of controversy in astronomy about the distance to a nearby star cluster. And that might sound a little bit mundane, but measuring distances in astronomy is very hard. And one of the biggest projects the telescope does right now is also looking for living things out there in space. It’s called the Breakthrough Listen project, and it’s a search for extraterrestrial intelligence using the Green Bank telescope and other facilities like it throughout the world. The Quiet Zone is roughly a rectangle, about 100 miles on each side. And since 1958, the US Government has put strict limits on transmissions within the Zone. Partly for this telescope, and partly because of a much more secure military facility thirty miles away that listened to more earthly communications. Some folks writing about the Quiet Zone, they say that all transmissions are banned for the whole hundred miles, but that's not true: there are cities within the wider parts of the Zone, and the folks there happily use wifi and cell phones. It's the Quiet Zone, not the Silent Zone. Out there, the rules are about big transmitters, the kind that put out TV and radio signals: they're required to use low-powered, directional antennas rather than just spraying signal everywhere. Within ten miles of here, though, the rules start becoming a bit more strict. This telescope is sensitive enough that, if it was pointed the right way, it could pick up a signal with the equivalent energy of one snowflake hitting the ground. And even if it's not pointed right at you, it's got two acres of surface area to hear your phone screaming for cell towers that just aren't there. Living in a place without a cell phone is definitely an interesting change. Before two years ago, I did have a cell phone, could look up anything I wanted on Google. You know, after a week of living here? I didn’t even really notice it. The only difference is that you have to plan things ahead more if you want to go out with your friends — you plan in advance, or you say “I’ll meet up with them when I meet up with them”. Things like that. And many, many people have come and gone, stayed for weeks or months at a time, and really none of them have ever said “man, I really miss my cell phone”. In the nearby town of Green Bank, anything that transmits, whether it’s baby monitors or wireless doorbells, is banned. So is anything that might cause interference. Microwave ovens aren’t allowed. Power lines have to be buried four feet underground. The observatory buildings near the telescope are huge Faraday cages, keeping all the emissions inside. So this is the anechoic chamber that I test in. I first test the device itself to see what the emissions are, then design a box for it, put it back in the chamber, and see if I did a good job or not. Things like cameras, for instance, need to see high frequency electromagnetic energy, namely light, and yet we’re trying to keep them from emitting lower frequency electromagnetic energy. Usually we use a mesh embedded in glass that’s very fine, and so it doesn’t distort the image too much. Once you're within a mile of the telescope, the restrictions are so severe that only diesel cars are allowed. Regular gasoline cars: they cause too much interference from the spark plugs inside. Folks who say they're hypersensitive to electromagnetic fields move to this area: and even if pretty much all the evidence says it's in their heads, they still feel better for being here. The scientists, however, have more practical concerns. Mostly my work here deals with radio-frequency interference on site, and also doing routine runs to see if there’s anything new out there. We have a monitoring station down on site, and then we’ll jump in the truck. And we have direction finding equipment in the truck. We just basically have to look at it with the receiver and the spectrum analyser and just drive around and watch the signal peak or fall away. It is getting more difficult. Because there’s more and more wireless stuff out there. The wireless genie is out of the bottle. And there’s so many things out there — the Internet of Things is creeping into almost every device. Refrigerators now have hotspots in them. When we go around and scan for wi-fi hotspots, there’s always three or four printers out there. The strangest one I’ve heard of was an electric pad in a doghouse. There was some arcing inside the pad, and it was generating a lot of RFI, so… My predecessor’s the one that found that one, and they fixed it by buying the guy a new heater for the doghouse! Thank you to everyone at the Green Bank Observatory and all the staff at the radio telescope. I am kind of overwhelmed to be up here, I am so grateful to all of them, please, pull down the description, check out the links, and go see what they do.
- 35,000 tourists a year visit the Berkeley Pit. A century ago this was called the Richest Hill on Earth. It was the Anaconda Copper Mine in Butte, Montana. It's not rich anymore, and it's not much of a hill. In the 1950s, the mine changed from digging underground tunnels that followed particularly rich veins of copper, to just excavating everything, turning the hill into an open pit on a scale that is difficult to convey on camera. There were whole neighbourhoods destroyed to make way for this. It is a mile wide, and so deep that you could fit the new One World Trade Center standing upright in it. Or at least you could, if the pit wasn't halfway filled with toxic dilute acid. It kills any birds that land in there for too long. In 2016, thousands of geese died in one night after a snowstorm forced them down there. The team here let me get a little bit closer than the tourists do. - Some studies were done to try to figure out how long a bird can withstand sitting on the pit water and those studies found that it's up to 18 hours. Six to seven thousand birds come through and utilise the Berkeley Pit as a resting stop per year. We're on the overlap of two major flyways so it's to be expected. [deep boom] - Can you tell me what that was? - So that's a propane cannon, we have them on timers and they run 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Hopefully, deter the birds from ever considering landing on the water of the Berkeley Pit to begin with. If the birds land, we have a crew of personnel that observes from this shack on the hour. They log them and then attempt to haze them off. The go-to is high-powered rifles, you have that ability to hit very close to the birds from a very far distance away. And it's not so much the boom as you would expect that scares them but it's the projectile hitting the water, creating a large splash, and that's what usually does it. And in the case that we know a large flock of birds is coming, we can have continual fireworks to deter the birds from entering the pit area. We get almost all of them, we are over 99% effective. - There's around 10,000 miles of mine shafts and tunnels under the city of Butte. That's not an exaggeration. 10,000 miles. Groundwater and rainwater had to be constantly pumped out. Nearby pumps moved somewhere around 300 litres a second. But when this pit shut down in 1982, so did the pumps, and water started to flood the old tunnels and the pit. The rock here is full of iron pyrite. Combine that with oxygen and water and as it rusts, you get sulfuric acid. That in turn, breaks down other metals and minerals in the rock. And the result is that the water down there is so acidic and so contaminated with toxins that nothing except a few hardy bugs can live in it. The deep groundwater here is utterly contaminated but it's a closed system. The sulfuric acid can't get in or out, for now, because there's one more catch. Water is still flowing into the pit and if it gets above a certain level, then the nasty stuff will start to leak out. - So down here we're at the Berkeley Pit pump station. Right now the Berkeley Pit is the sink or the sump, like a hydraulic control for the system. So what we're doing here is we're pumping, treating and discharging water from the system. And this includes bringing Berkeley Pit water on line and treating it through an existing water treatment plant. If the Berkeley Pit is not maintained, the protective water level would be reached in July of 2023. pH at one time was as low as about 2.2 or 2.3. Currently up to about 4.1. The water that we'll be discharging from the site will be clean water, about 7 million gallons per day. 2100 gallons per minute. Since 1982, the water level has been increasing, in the neighborhood of about six to seven feet per year. Later this year would be the first time since 1982 that the pit water level will be maintained and held steady. - Tourists go here because, well, tourists will go anywhere interesting and this is interesting. In 2007, Dr Phaedra Pezzullo of the University of Colorado, Boulder, coined the term 'toxic tourism'. The fact that people will come to gawp or be shocked or just to take a selfie, and say that they saw the mile-wide pool of toxic waste. And there are much worse ways to raise awareness and tell the world, hey, this is pretty screwed up and we need to do something about it. A $3 admission fee is, well, it's capitalism. In the United States, a country that codified the idea of the roadside attraction, it almost seems normal to pay for a ticket to see the mile-wide, incredibly toxic pit. Thanks to all the team from Montana Resources and the Berkeley Pit who helped make this video happen. You can find out more about them by pulling down the description.
I find it very easy to get excited about infrastructure. It's humanity taking our greatest skills, our science, our engineering, and using it to bend the world to our will. Now I'm in Tromsø in Norway, that is the Polaria Aquarium behind me -- it's really disappointing by the way, the seals didn't even do Kiss from a Rose -- and I'm in indebted to Rob Stradling on Twitter for pointing out this. This is the Tromsø tunnel system. So what, you say, it's just a tunnel. Well, yes it is, but what it actually is is a massive series of tunnels connected by roundabouts underground. Now, I realize that to my American viewers just the concept of a roundabout in itself might be mindblowing, but a roundabout underground? That actually takes the congestion away from the surface, that is essentially every 1970s sci-fi city planner's dream come true, actually in place and working? Well that is something rather cool, and that is something that you might not have known and that I certainly didn't. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I'm not allowed to cross this road, because this is the town of Stanstead, Canada. On the other side of the street is Derby Line, USA and the border between the two countries runs right down this: Rue Canusa. For local residents, that can be inconvenient. - I've lived here all my life, so 63 years. Today you cannot cross over the line and visit your neighbours, like years ago. If you want to cross, you have to report at customs. You know I used to cross every day, but now I probably cross once every... about once a week because I come down to the post office over here. To go through the border, basically, they ask you for your passport, they go inside, I guess they look at whether you have a record or not. They'll look at your registration of your car and a couple of minutes and you've gone through. I'm a dual citizen so I'm American and Canadian. So it's easier. - This is a place where the idea of a border as a solid, easy to understand line gets a little bit fuzzy. The road doesn't run at exactly the same angle as the border, not precisely. The official line is that this is Canada and that's the USA, but both countries' maps show the road as being entirely in the US just here and entirely in Canada, up there. The houses are definitely in separate countries but the road is not quite as clear. And in practise, if I was driving I'd be okay. Even on that side of the road, I am considered to be still in Canada, as long as I don't stop and walk up to an American house. It's fair to say that there's a little bit of leniency here, if you're just nudging the border by a few centimetres. Or if you're on that side, a couple of inches. But while I was setting up my camera here, the police turned up, lights flashing, to move along those bikers you saw earlier who were admiring the view from the other side of the road. It all seemed in good spirits, but they had crossed the border. - Well, the library is part on the Canadian side and part on the American side. But you stay on the Canadian side and you stay on the sidewalk, and you go through the front door and it's permitted. On Canusa Street, there's a sidewalk on the Canadian side, so back years ago, it was tolerated that people on the American side could cross over and walk on the sidewalk, so, basically it's dangerous to walk on the side of the road and now today, well, it's not tolerated no more. I think the rule hasn't changed much, but they're more enforced. When you cross, they ask you more questions than they used to, you know, years ago. Before when you went through the border, you knew most of the customs officers and they used to wave to you, y'know. - In 1783, this section of the Canada-US border was set at the 45th parallel, a line of latitude. Slightly inaccurate measurements were accepted by both countries, so it was locked in. But as for this specific road? There are local stories about drunk surveyors and pranks, but no one really knows.
This is a packet and bottle of freeze-dried urine, and the United States government will sell it to you for $983, plus shipping. Which is perhaps the strangest sentence I've ever started a video with, but it’s true. What's even stranger is: that’s a pretty reasonable price. These are two of more than 1,000 Standard Reference Materials that are kept here at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Here at NIST, we produce Standard Reference Materials or SRMs for short. SRMs are super characterised materials that our customers use to make sure their measurements on their materials and processes are accurate and reliable. When a customer buys one of our SRMs, they get both a unit of material and a certificate of analysis. Each property, whether it’s a chemical constituent or a physical characteristic of the material is a certified property and it's measured most accurately. The certificate of analysis is just as important as the material itself. Without the certificate and all the information that’s inside of it, the SRM is just another bottle of stuff. We have a variety of food materials in our SRM catalogue, so this is slurried spinach. When you slurry the spinach, it's nice and homogenous. You sample a little bit from the top, it’s the same as sampling from the bottom. We also have our infamous domestic sludge, from a waste water treatment process, that has been dried, ground up, homogenised into this nice, fine powder. We take this material. We certify various toxic elements within the sludge, that’s what it’s used for. We also have the microsphere slide that contains the space beads. They're 10 micron-wide, polystyrene spheres that were formed on the space shuttle in zero gravity. We have to store some of our more sensitive materials in cryocooled conditions. We have our peanut butter, right there in a glass jar. Oh, it’s crackling. Then, we have our whale blubber, organics in whale blubber. This is actually whale blubber tissue from a beached whale. It's for tracking organic contaminants in the environment, and whales are the end of the food chain. Every one of these reference materials has to be exactly the same, to an incredibly precise margin. They’ll be used by people around the world to calibrate and test machinery. Now, other places make reference materials too. It's just that everything in this warehouse has the US Government stamp of approval on it. Now, just to be clear, the vast majority of reference materials here are pretty dull. They're for industrial processes, so they're metal, or glass, or pure elements. There are three types of bauxite: from Suriname, Jamaica or the Dominican Republic. There's even really precise mixes of gases available, along with some radioactive elements. Sometimes, it takes us years to actually procure a new material that becomes an SRM a couple of years later. We buy industrial products directly. It comes from a different source each time we make it, but we make it the same way, and we characterise it in the same fashion. Either we determine the chemical composition or its physical characteristics, but we do that with accuracy. In other cases, we have SRMs that are used to determine how they break. We measure over and over again, with different methods, to ensure that what we're measuring is the true value in that particular material. The material itself is not precise. The measurements that characterise it are precise. So if you haven’t worked it out yet, the reason that freeze-dried urine is one of the reference materials is because there are folks out there with machines that test urine. They're either testing for drugs, so the Institute will sell you urine laced with exact amounts of the metabolites of cannabis or cocaine, or they're testing for poisons and toxic elements. So if you need to calibrate one of those testing machines, to make sure that the results are accurate, then the folks here are the ones you're going to call. Thank you to everyone here at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Pull down the description for more about Standard Reference Materials and about their work.
These days, American presidents travel around the country on Air Force One, but in the 1940's, there was no Air Force One. Actually, there wasn't even a U.S. Air Force, they were still part of the Army. Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first sitting U.S. President to fly in an airplane, back in 1943. But for most of his presidency, he used a very different form of travel. This is the Ferdinand Magellan, officially known as U.S. Car Number 1. 120 tonnes of armor-plated, bulletproof rail car. - The rail car is the heaviest U.S. rail car ever built. They had to build special trucks just to support the extra weight. The reason it only weighs 285,000 pounds is that was the weight limit for U.S. railroad bridges and trestles at that time. So, the entire car is not armor-proofed, only where the President is. The car has ⅝-inch thick bulletproof steel through most of the car, up to this point here. You can see where the rivets change from double rivets to single rivets. Regular steel here versus the bulletproof steel here. So, there's bulletproofing, there's 12-ply laminated glass, there are two escape hatches in the car to get the President out. It was never painted red, white, and blue like Air Force One. It was always painted Pullman green. When they had to park it somewhere, they would hide it with other Pullman rail cars, so it was basically hiding in plain sight. - After Roosevelt's death, President Truman used the Magellan for a while, asking the engineers to get the train up to 80mph, if they could. Before television was a way to reach the masses, Truman toured America in this train, campaigning for re-election, travelling tens of thousands of miles between tiny stations known as whistle-stops, and making up to eight speeches a day. And it worked. The famous moment where he held up the newspaper that wrongly announced his defeat, that was just there, on the back of this train. - Now in 1928, air-conditioning was accomplished by ice. There are ice bunkers in the car, blocks of ice were put in there, and ceiling fans across the whole car would then blow the cold air as it dropped down. So, now we're heading into the armoured part of the car where the President stayed. Here, we have the dining room. All the rooms in the car had a phone in them. When the car was underway, the phones were hooked up to a radio car called the General Myer. And when they were in stations, they were hot-wired into the phones in the station. This is the desk the President would use, he could sign papers. This is what the windows look like. This is 12-ply, laminated glass, about three inches thick, so all the windows from this point to the rear of the car are sealed, you cannot take them out, which is why they have air-conditioning. Stateroom C here, this is the President's quarters. The President has a fixed bed, giving him a little bit of extra leg room. That is what a commode chair looks like. The back folds down as a sink and the seat folds up to be a toilet underneath. The wheelchair was built specifically for Roosevelt's use in this car, so he could get up and down the narrow hallway. Here we have the Presidential bathroom, and the first of the two escape hatches are here. What would have been a window has been converted to a steel plate that they could push out and they could get the President out that way if they needed to. What looks like a soap dish hanging by the door here, is actually a cigar holder. Roosevelt would sit in there and smoke cigars. Here we have the observation lounge of the car. This is where Presidents would sit in the back of the car and watch the rails pass behind them, entertain their guests that were on the car with them. We also have the second escape hatch. This was fashioned from a submarine. It was designed if the car was ever knocked over on its side, they could open this door and go out it. This door leads to the rear platform. The door alone weighs 1500 pounds. That's about half the weight of the car that most people come to visit our museum in. It was fashioned after a bank vault. Out here is the rear platform. This is where Presidents would give their speeches. When Truman ascended to the presidency, after Roosevelt died, he pretty much lived in this car for a few months as he did a run across the campaign trail, and he made more than 350 whistle-stop speeches from this back platform. That's what allowed him to connect with the American people. - Of course, air travel became easier and cheaper and safer and eventually the Ferdinand Magellan fell out of use. Nowadays it's a museum piece, but in an era where the "Trump Train" is just a metaphor, it's interesting to note that there were other Presidents whose train was... a little more real. - America as a country, except for certain parts of the country, doesn't embrace rails the way that we used to. This piece is historic, it is unique, it is hearkening back to a simpler place and time, and a simpler pace of life. And that's what I wish we could kinda... get a little piece of that back. Still keep our cell phones, I'm not giving that up(!) - Thank you to everyone at the Gold Coast Railway Museum. Pull down the description for more about them and about the Ferdinand Magellan.
I'm in Cape May, at the southern tip of New Jersey, where the US Army Corps of Engineers have just finished rebuilding this beach. A dredge is going offshore, and it's like a vacuum, and it's sucking a sand-and-water mix up into the dredge. Then it travels back toward the shore and pumps that sand-and-water mix onto the beach. And then bulldozers and construction equipment will shape that beach and build that template, that's designed to reduce the damages from storms. We're using multiple hopper dredges and miles of pipe, we're using construction equipment, bulldozers, and excavators, all to complete this job. We are demobilising from the site, so all this equipment is going to another section in Cape May, and we'll begin dredging and beachfill operations at that location. Miami Beach in America, the Gold Coast in Australia, the beaches of Dubai: around the world, engineers dredge sand from offshore and pump it back onto beaches. Not only because the tourists demand it, but more importantly because those beaches protect the folks living next door from the ocean. And as sea levels rise, beach erosion is happening faster and faster. Well, in New Jersey, there's lots of infrastructure that's at risk from storms. Boardwalks, utilities, roads, homes, businesses. And so this process is the best means we have to reduce storm damages in a cost-effective and an environmentally acceptable way. But there are other uses for sand, too: every concrete building in the world, every skyscraper, is basically just a load of sand, like this, stuck together with cement. And the world is running out of it. I know, that sounds strange, but the construction industry uses billions of tons of sand every year. So the obvious answer would seem to be: use sand from elsewhere, right? We've got whole deserts and ocean floors full of the stuff. But those sands aren't useful. Desert and sea sands are too fine, too smooth, they don't stick together properly, either for making concrete or for rebuilding a beach like this. It has to be this kind of sand: sand that's been created by moving water and waves over aeons. This is not a renewable resource, not on any human timescale. And if it's not there to protect the coast: then the folks who live nearby should start getting worried. This project was first completed in 1990, and we've come back numerous times over the years to renourish and pump additional sand onto the beach. If we didn't pump this sand into this area and built an engineered system, the communities would be at higher risk of damages from hurricanes, nor'easters, and other storm events. Now, running out of sand doesn't mean that we're suddenly going to be unable to build anything. It just means that as supply goes down, the price of construction will go up... and there are going to be some rough market forces. No-one's considering stripmining the Jersey shore any time soon, but journalist Vince Beiser spent years investigating illegal sand mining in the developing world, and brought back reports of disappearing islands, devastated ecosystems and murderous black-market sand mafias. Hundreds of people have been killed over sand. Now, here, the Corps of Engineers are keeping a community safe, some birds safe, and making sure there'll still be a beach here for tourists this summer. But in a hundred years, who knows? Maybe New Jersey will get a better offer for this sand.
- When I heard that there was a 100% solar powered train in the world, I thought: that's a ridiculous idea. Of course solar power isn't enough to move a massive, heavy train. There isn't even a practical solar powered car on the market, and yet, here it is. Welcome to Byron Bay, Australia, home of the Byron Bay Railroad Company. - This is a 70-year-old vintage train. It was built in 1949, after the Second World War. And we've converted it now to the world's first solar powered train. Our train would typically have had two diesel engines, and we've taken one of those out, kept one as a backup, and that's been replaced essentially with the batteries, and a new gearbox, and all the control equipment. We have a 70-ton train, but in terms of a full-size train, that's quite light. It's also renowned to be very quiet in the industry. - I'm the train driver of the only solar train in the world. I've been driving the train from day one, which has been operating for about 16 months now. I had my own business for 31 years. I sold the business 10 years ago and basically did myself out of a job. And then this job came along. And so I put my hand up for it, and, yes, they trained me up and here I am driving a train. Actually, driving a solar train is easier than driving it when it's in diesel. Our track's three kilometres long and the train goes from Byron Bay back to what we call our North Beach Station. And it's got a slight grade up, slight grade down in certain sections. So what we do is we throttle up to get us up to the first hump in the road and then we coast for the next, probably, half a kilometre, then we throttle back up again to get us over the next little hump in the road. And that's how we get ourselves into Byron. And doing it that way, we don't use near as much battery power. And that's the name of the game, save the battery power. You got to remember that the train weighs 70 tonne. So once it gets up its momentum, you've got steel on steel so it just keeps rolling on. We have regen braking and we use it as much as possible. That throws some charge back into the batteries every time we use it. - The battery on this train is roughly the same size as you'd find in an electric car. It stores 77 kilowatt-hours. And a run back and forth uses about five. Now that means this takes more power than an electric car but not that much more considering it carries 70 people. - The solar on the train works in two ways. We have 6½ kilowatts of solar panels on the roof of the train. And then in addition to that, we have a 30 kilowatt array on top of the platform here. So the combined there is 36½ kilowatts and we can produce, on a good day, up to 150 kilowatt-hours of energy. The solar panels on the roof of the train are constantly doing a trickle charge of the battery on the train. And then a couple of times a day, just to top up the battery, we plug it into here at the platform like an electric car, using electric car equipment. This is a net carbon positive project and in the first year of service we put 60,000 kilowatt-hours back into the grid on top of the power that we used which is enough to power 17 three-bedroom houses. As an example, in the peak of summer with the low amount of energy used per trip, we can actually run a whole day's service without topping up the charge, just from the 6½ kilowatt array on the roof of the train and the 77 kilowatt battery bank. - This isn't something that would work everywhere or even that should work everywhere. The weather here is perfect for solar power and this is a small independent railway with one bit of straight flat track and a train that can spend some time plugged in. For most railroad companies, it'll be a better idea to add a third rail or some overhead power lines and run the train off the regular power grid and then put some solar panels on the station roof as well. But as a demonstration of what's possible with solar power, and as a neat way to bring some tourists to your train line, it's a pretty good idea. - We've been running for a little bit over a year. We've carried over 100,000 passengers in that time and we haven't missed a service. - Thanks to all the team at the Byron Bay Railroad Company. Pull down the description for more about them and about this train.
The world’s most dangerous path. The world’s most treacherous, the world’s most deadly. This got all those descriptors and more. This is El Caminito Del Rey, near Malaga, on the southern coast of Spain. And, well, once this was the world’s most dangerous path, or certainly something very close to it. It was built between 1901 and 1905 by sailors and prisoners, who were either used to working at height, or didn’t really have much of a choice. And it was used to get people between two hydroelectric power stations, and yes, apparently there were hydroelectric power stations in 1900s Spain. It surprised me too. It was named El Caminito del Rey, the king’s little pathway, after it was walked by King Alfonso the 13th. But it didn’t look like this back then. It was just some metal, hammered into the rock at 45°, and then some concrete put on top of it. And maybe there’d be a bit of a handrail or a safety wire, but it was certainly not safe by modern standards. And over time, the path fell into disuse, and it fell into disrepair, and then just started to fall apart. But that didn’t stop thrill seekers. As the internet and the web started to spread news of it, this attracted people from all over the world to come and walk this crumbling but apparently-just-about-safe walkway. And there are photos, all over the web, of 2005 and 2006, of people climbing onto safety wires and walking across very narrow bits of metal to try to get to the next bit. But that’s not what it looks like now. The trouble was: people kept falling to their deaths, at the rate of one every couple of years. And eventually the local government decided, well, no, this is enough. We are closing this. Which of course just made the problem worse, because now thrill seekers want to do the most dangerous path in the world… that had been banned. So eventually they found a solution: build a brand-new path, on top of the ruins of the old one, and build it to 21st-century standards with 21st-century technology. There are safety helmets now. There are handrails, there’s wire, there is a guard at the entrance checking tickets. And there is wi-fi and toilets at each end. And you know what? It works. It’s still thrilling, but it’s also safe, and now: there are a heck of a lot more people who have access to this incredible site and the views. But online? This is still the most dangerous path in the world. You will still see the old blog posts from the 2000s, you will still see the old image sharing sites and YouTube videos from five years ago saying, "oh yeah, this is still dangerous. This is still terrifying." And of course nobody bothers fact checking online, so, oh, this still gets forwarded everywhere. But this isn’t that dangerous any more. It used to be as dangerous as, say, a base jump, it used to attract thrill seekers, the real adrenaline junkies... and now? It attracts tourists who are okay with heights. And I reckon that’s better. Even if the click bait might not be true any more, a heck of a lot more people have access to what is an incredible place.
I'm at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, and amongst all the thousands of artifacts here is this: a regular, everyday teapot. The world's most famous teapot. It's called the Utah Teapot, and you've almost certainly seen it before, even if you don't realise it. Or at least, a digital version of it. In the old Windows Pipes screensaver, occasionally instead of a ball joint, a teapot would appear. This teapot. It's in the background of that 3D-animated Simpsons episode from the 90s, and it's in a couple of Pixar films. It's an in-joke amongst animators, and that's because it was the first realistic, complex object to be widely used in computer graphics. In 1974, a researcher at the University of Utah called Martin Newell needed a reference object, something simple to test the algorithms he was designing. The story goes that he told his wife this as they were sitting down for tea -- Newell was born in Britain, so tea -- and she suggested that modelling the teapot. And it was ideal. It has concave and convex surfaces. It can cast shadows on itself, which is a problem that some algorithms might find difficult to solve. It's immediately recognisable: you can tell by eye if the teapot looks like a teapot, or if something's gone wrong with your rendering. And you don't have to texture it to make it look good. As long as it has a plain, light colour, and it... well, it... it looks like a teapot. But it's also not too complicated: back in the seventies, computer graphics involved a lot of working by hand. Newell sketched the teapot on graph paper, and then typed in the resulting coordinates by hand. And here's what I really like about the teapot: over the forty-something years that the digital version of it has existed, details about it have been lost to history. It's said that it was used so much for early graphics experiments that some people could remember all of its data in their head and just type it in when they needed it. Can I find a reliable source for that? Absolutely not, but it's a great story. And at some point, the teapot got squished a bit: some people claim that it's because of old displays with non-square pixels, and some claim it's just because it looked better that way. This is a artifact of the digital era that's got urban legends around it. And whether they're true or not, there's now a canonical version of the teapot: a digital object that's been copied and copied and copied into all sorts of modern culture. Literally billions of people have seen -- well, not this teapot -- but a version of it that can be described in one page of numbers. Thanks very much to the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California! Pull down the description for links to them and the amazing exhibits they've got here.
Most of us don't think much about the ocean's tides. Tide goes in, tide goes out. It's just some water moving because the moon and sun are pulling on it. But those words: "just some water" hide an incredible amount of matter, and "pulling on it" hides an unimaginable amount of force. And nowhere is that more obvious than right here. I'm just north of the Arctic Circle in Norway, half an hour's drive from a town called Bodø. The land here is mostly what Douglas Adams called 'lovely crinkly edges': and this particular lovely crinkly edge holds the Saltstraumen Maelstrom: the most powerful tidal current on the planet. And the reason it's so powerful: that way is the sea. That way is a fjord, a tidal inlet. Twice a day here, the sea rises and falls by about two metres, so the water level in the fjord tries to equalise. The catch is that pretty much all the water it needs to do that, 400 million cubic metres give or take, has to go through this channel. There are other routes that it could take, but the land masses make those slow and shallow. They're winding country roads whereas this is like a twelve-lane freeway. It's... well, it's a perfect storm. There's a huge mass of water on both sides providing pressure, and the channel starts wide and steadily narrows to the centre both ways. It's the right width, and the right shape, to create this maelstrom of whirlpools and currents and vortices. What surprised me the most, coming here and standing next to it, is how much it changes, moment to moment, second to second, every little twist in the tide and the water creates a new vortex and a new boil. I had to get close enough to stick my camera in on a long pole, and honestly? It terrified me. Tour groups can take an inflatable boat out into the channel, and you'll see occasional fishing vessels taking advantage of all the marine life that gets shunted through here. But unlike the whirpools of myth and legend, this maelstrom isn't going to pull a modern, bouyant, powered boat down to the depths, although a swimmer on their own would be in a lot of trouble, and a large ship might lose control and be dashed against the rocks. But all this force, all this water, this is just a fraction of what's being pulled around out on the ocean. It's just here it's visible, it's on a human scale, it's threatening, so here we pay attention to it.
This is the Technical Difficulties and we are Two Of These People Are Lying, because two of these people will be. - Joining me are: Chris Joel. - Hello. - Gary Brannan. - Hot and spicy casserole... by the yard. And Matt Gray. Is that a length or is it outside? That's the noise your mother made lasht night(!) Anyway, the way this game works is the three of us have all random-ish-ly picked some Wikipedia articles and written down the names or titles of those articles on these pieces of card. Tom is now going to pick one of those articles and all three of us will claim that it's the one that we chose and claim that we know anything about it. What happens though is only one of us is telling the truth and two of us are telling a lie. And today we are talking about Ghost Festival. Yes, it is annoying me that this is slightly at a jaunty angle on here. And I can't decide which way to hold it. Ghost Festival, let's go around the table on this one. Matt, what is Ghost Festival? It's actually "Hhost" Festival and it's in Croatia. Okay, uh, Gary, what's Ghost Festival? A spiritual celebration in China. Spiritual celebration in China. Chris? A series of minor vehicular events in the American Midwest. "Minor vehicular events"? Okay, that was a horrible way to phrase it. It was a little festival that popped up in the late 2010's when ghost riding was big "on the YouTubes, yo". Where you would gather together in your mini-truck or other vehicle and ghost ride around a town, well probably not around a town, probably at some pre-determined car park or some s***. For young'uns out there, ghost riding? Keeping your car moving while stepping outside it doing funny poses, generally styling it out, probably not an accurate phrase for the subculture, so sue me! And obviously as anything gets big, somebody goes "I'll do a festival! "I can't afford or be bothered to organise a festival..." then somebody else takes it over, then it dies in ignominy. That's how most of these things work. - Yeah. - Where's Ignominy? In the American Midwest! Actually there is almost certainly a town called, like, Ignominy, Nebraska isn't there? Also, also, you'd watch that Western wouldn't you? - What? - The Town Called Ignominy. Oh yeah. Mind you, that's probably like, what's his name, Bergman does a Western, just a lot of people sat there going-- Is "Birdman" Batman's brother? Bergman, not Birdman! I thought you said Birdman as well, sorry. Ingmar Birdman? [squawks] Oh Ingmar Ber-- I know Ingmar Bergman! I just thought you said "Birdman". You're playing chess with death but it is-- [squawks] But it's a f***er wrecked as a crow. "Actually I think you'll find that is the accurate imagery, hm." - "With respect to there of, hm." - "Hmm, hmm, yes." Ghost riding festival in the-- the wilds of America? Well not really the wilds, but the Midwest. The flat bits, you don't want to do it on a steep hill do you? Not California, not New York. - Bit in the middle. - Downhill ghost riding. Oh that's risky, that's risky, just keep running to catch up with it. - It's like cheese-rolling but vehicular. - With a car! Spiritual celebration in China? Yes. Do you know anything more about it? It's a spiritual celebration in China where they celebrate ghosts is the short answer. Gary, I'm just going to remind you-- I know the bloody rules, I'm working my way round it all right? You're going to have to convince me that it's true. Sometimes-- You don't get a point if it is true on your side and you convince me it's false. Sometimes these articles, you have to be blunt at the start, when you say "what is a spiritual celebration in China?" the answer is it's a spiritual celebration in China, I think it's in the seventh month of the year you celebrate your-- celebrate ghosts, they're unleashed from hell and they come round and this is what you're going to be like, "you're making this up" but I'm not, the ghosts have very thin necks 'cause they're not allowed to eat. So you leave food out for them and stuff but they're not allowed to eat because they're ghosts - they have lots of celebrations... - He's just writing "t***"! I know! And it's pronounced 'thwaite'. Thin necks, I'm writing thin necks! Right, and you burn paper, you have lanterns and all that kind of stuff, as you have in any of these traditional Eastern celebrations. It's probably a little bit like Day of the Dead in Mexico, that kind of thing. Not the film? Not the film! You can make a film of it I suppose. What something really artsy and slow? Really thin-necked ghosts. Matt, it's a celebration in Croatia? It's a festival rather than a celebration but it's not like a music festival it was 2011, it only ran for one year, in an old, I can't think of the word, mansion-y like what's a cliff mansion called? - Scary. - Clifford. Clifford the...?! Clifford the cliff-top mansion? That's a very different kids' book! It's in an old house on a hill. No, no, hold on, hold on we're still-- Clifford the big red mansion! "All the children wanted to play in Clifford "but Clifford was too dangerous..." Is that the one in Scarborough that fell off the cliff that time? Clifford the big red brick mansion. Croatia, Matt? It is a music, but also creative arts festival happening in a big house in Croatia and it's got catacombs or tombs-- Ooh, say that again. It's got catacombs or tombs-- Oh, that was less good that time. Within the tombs there are people, I don't know, showing their wares, doing like little arty things and a few bands played in the ballroom of it as well. There weren't any I'd heard of. - Well, it was Croatia in 2011? - Yeah. It's a small festival in-- It's before it got popular but, yeah. See I was really hoping that I'd be able to throw one of these out immediately. Well just chuck Gary's, that's standard. Yeah that's just standard, isn't it, yeah. Have you been to the place he mentioned? No, I'm not chucking Gary's, 'cause Gary's sounds, Gary's the one I'm most sure about at this point. Well! I like "minor vehicular events". I really wish I'd not used that phrase! Get a T-shirt with that on. "I like minor vehicular events." But I feel like it would have been "Ghost Riding Festival", something like that, it don't think it would've made it to Wikipedia so I don't think it's that. Have you see what's on Wikipedia? I was going to say, having trawled through some s*** on the train today, to come up with articles... Matt, I like everything about it and it sounds like an event I'd like to see but the thing that killed it for me was you going "it's pronounced Hhost Festival" Yeah, it has the IPA in the front of it, it made no sense, it didn't describe it but it I'm obviously guessing the IPA, 'cause I can't read IPA but it didn't look like what I would've expected. If it was Ghost Festival it wouldn't have had the IPA right? Yeah, yeah. That's for International Phonetic Alphabet Not India Pale Ale, Gary. I was kind of hoping there, I mean-- Gary, I think it's you. I think, and this might just be something dredged off my mind that I'm confusing with some other festival that I've heard of but Gary, I think it's you, am I right? You think I'd be telling the truth about the festival of thin-necked ghosts that aren't allowed to eat? Yes. Correct! Yes! It is-- I shall reveal the legend-- "During the month the gates of hell are opened up "and ghosts are free to roam the Earth where they "seek food and entertainment." Rather like opening up an old people's home. "These ghosts are believed to be ancestors of those who forgot to pay tribute to them "after they died, or those never given proper ritual send off. "They have long needle-thin necks because they have not "been fed by their family, or as a punishment "so that they are unable to swallow." Right! "Family members offer prayers to their deceased relatives, "offer food and drink," this is the best bit, "and burn hell bank notes"! - I've heard of that! - What? They're special paper fake bank notes, made for the ceremony, I've heard of that. Yeah, Gary, congratulations, a point to you. Yay! - A point to me for guessing correctly - Boo! which I'm quite happy about. And Gary, you need to go and find a new article for the second half. Gary has gone and got a new article. I'm going to pick one at random from this pile Have you shuffled? I have shuffled thoroughly! - Thoroughly? - Thorough-shuffle. - How horrible. - I know! And we have... the 1878 North Lancashire by-election. Now, there are a few things I can guess from this title: it's a by-election, in North Lancashire, in 1878, so no, you know what? Maybe it isn't, maybe it's something else. I'm going to start with Chris this time. The 1878 North Lancashire by-election was a by-election in North Lancashire, in 1878. Do you want to tell me something special about it? Why on earth does that have a Wikipedia article? It happened on the 8th of April because some guy, first name or surname was Stanley, I forget which, who was the incumbent got made minister of, no, general-- - Crabs! - No! Had to go to hospital due to unforeseen circumstances with a lady that wasn't his wife, don't write this down, this is about me and him talking about crabs. Alright, okay. Because he got made, what's high up? Not Prime Minister-- Privy Councillor? No, next-- Cabinet? Yeah, something-- First Sea Lord? Minister of war, something of war, Chief something of war. Alright. Chief of War! Boss of War, but not right at the top of the tree. Alright, incidentally, yes, there is a First Sea Lord. That's the head of the sea. - Yes. - The head of the Navy, isn't it? He's King Navy. I do like the fact that if we, if Britain ever has a Space Force, there will be the First Space Lord. You'd have the job just for the title, wouldn't you? Marvel will sue. Oh yeah, fair. Lord of Space, just enough to get round the trademark. Slightly different theme-tune, just two or three notes off-key at the end. Gary, the 1878 North Lancashire by-election? That was a by-election held for the North Lancashire constituency in 1878, which... smart-arse... is notable for the winning candidate being dead. Oh, now I know that's definitely happened in the past. Alright, winning candidate being dead. Can't have happened in the future...? Alright, Matt, the 1878 North Lancashire by-election? - It didn't happen. - Oh! It was due to happen but it didn't. Alright, let's... so we've got one where the incumbent became Minister of War-- Whatever it is, I feel like it was a longer title than that. Alright, one where the winning candidate was dead and one where it just didn't happen. Matt, why didn't it happen? Agricultural protests. Oh! All of the candidates were... what's the word, seeming to be championing a lot of the newer technologies of the time and all of the factory kind of stuff, and that was driving work away from the farmland. So a farmer's union, were tying to recognise the fact that no one was representing them and protested the by-election. Like, tractors everywhere and stuff. There's absolutely nothing funny about that but-- I dunno, "tractors everywhere" is sentence of the week as far as I'm concerned! Opens under-stairs cupboard: tractor! Just kind of rearing up and going for you. Out of the fields! "Thank you, mother, for the gruel -- aargh!" They've got, like, bouncy suspension. Ghosts riding their tractors! I was just thinking Alfred Hitchcock's 'The Birds' but with tractors. What, flying around a room with Tippi Hedren? Yes! Yes. Exactly that. In a phone box! Gary, the main candidate was dead? What happened then? Well he kind of got buried, which is the normal thing that happens. I though you were going to say he got better! Was there then another by-election or did he actually-- Well, yes there was, because the winner, I stress again, was dead. I mean, they haven't, you know-- Didn't he just serve out his term very quietly in the corner? Well it's 1878, maybe they didn't have a procedural for that. So you think they just transported a flipping corpse to the House of Commons? No! I just thought there'd be an empty chair! It would've been more useful than some of them. Wheeey! Unexpectedly ended up briefly Prime Minister around about the start of the First World War Like, the rod up the back to stay upright. Someone had to crouch behind him to give the maiden speech. What is this? Weekend at Bernie's, only parliamentary? Weekend at Black Rod's! No, he was dead, you prat! I said that at the start, stone actual dead. He died during the course of the count. Yes-- during the course of the count? - Yes. - "One, aha ha ha!" Takes hours. Not during the campaign, during the count? Well, if he'd died during the campaign it would be rather unfair to elect him. - You'd think most people-- - This is what I was... Right, exactly! This is why I was confused. He died in the course of the count, so during the course of the counting of the ballots he had a heart attack and died, or collapsed, you know you assuming these things, no one actually looked too closely but, he were dead. And then won? Well he'd died but no one had realised, they just thought he hadn't turned up for the announcement of the result so they read it all out, The Member, I think it was Lord Stanley or something, was duly elected as a representative of the constituency of North Lancashire and he's, you know-- Julie was elected? Yeah, well he's dead isn't he? Somebody's got to... So obviously, it takes time for them to organise another by-election, you can't just go "oh shall we just have another go"? So for a brief period of time, their representative was, and I stress this again, a corpse. All right. And may I say he's one of the best they had. Corpses or politicians? Yes. Hoo. Gary... - Good god! - Gary, I'm going to rule you out. I'm going to rule you out because I think that's just a story from somewhere else that you've tacked on to that and I don't think it's yours. The man is, of course, an expert in late nineteenth century North Lancashire politics. I refuse to believe you know anything about anything from Lancashire. That's fair. And I know it just for the pure price of mockery. I genuinely can't pick between you two. I think if it didn't happen, there wouldn't be an article about it. I think it would be under something bigger. So Chris, I think your man becoming Minister of War is the most likely one there, I think it's you, - am I right? - It is! Yes, two for two! And as was the spirit of the time, he returned unopposed. Oh right, okay. Secretary of State for War, I knew it was a bigger-- - Secretary of State for War. - Wow, there we go. Frederick Stanley, with a K. - In Stanley? - In Stanley? Yeah! "Oh, an obvious joke, let's all go for that!" Frederick Stanley. Frederick Stanlick. Stanlick! "The K is silent, it's pronounced Stanley." Congratulations then, I can't believe I'm saying this but there's one point to Gary, there's one point to Chris... Oh no. We've handed him the win. I've got two points, I've won a thing! Yay(!) Wow, thank you for that sarcasm! From Chris Joel, Gary Brannan! Matt Gray! Still don't have an outro. No, we still don't. Bye!
- A quick warning: if you are good at empathising with other people, this week's guest video may make you feel short of breath. Seriously. With that out of the way, let me introduce you to Kurtis Baute, filming from inside his homemade, airtight biodome. Kurtis, good luck. - [takes breath] Just over eight hours ago, I sealed myself inside of this cube. It is 10 feet by 10 feet by 10 feet, holds roughly 30,000 litres of air. I'm gonna try to make this as short and sweet as I can because with every breath that I take I am exhaling carbon dioxide, and it is toxic at high enough levels. Right now, it's at 6,370 parts per million. [takes breath] But to explain what that really means, I'm gonna have to step back a second. Okay, I built this airtight, plant-filled biodome for a series of videos on my channel about how we interact with the air we breathe. I have a bunch of safety equipment, including oxygen and carbon dioxide sensors and other gases and backups and blood monitors and a paramedic onsite. Do not try this at home. It is... Just don't try it at home. [laughing] I wanna step back 60 years ago to when carbon dioxide levels in our atmosphere were around 300 parts per million. Modern day, because of industrialization and burning fossil fuels, those levels are now around 400 parts per million in natural landscapes. And in urban environments, it's more like 500 parts per million. But the thing is, we spend most of our time indoors, and that's often in poorly-ventilated spaces where the carbon dioxide levels can reach 1,000 parts per million. And what's important here is that researchers have gone out and tested the higher-order decision-making abilities of office employees at different levels of carbon dioxide, and they found that at 1,000 parts per million, there is a 15% decrease in cognitive function. [takes breath] That's a big deal because we spend a lot of our time in those sorts of environments. For example, researchers went to schools in Texas, Idaho, and Washington, and they found that in over 50% of those classrooms, the carbon dioxide levels went above 1,000 parts per million. In those same studies, they found that when levels reached 1,400, there was a 50% decrease in cognitive function. And by 2,000, there are all sorts of side effects, [laughing] which I am feeling a lot of, including nausea, loss of attention, uh... [laughing] I have to read, I have to read them. Some people report headaches, sleepiness, poor concentration, loss of attention, in- increased heart rate, and slight nausea. But still, these levels aren't uncommon. Carbon dioxide levels in bedrooms and cars frequently reach 4,000 parts per million, and those are places that we spend a lot of our time in. We used to use carbon dioxide as an indicator for when air was stale, but it's actually probably the most important part of what makes air stale. It's 6,500 parts per million in here right now and the air feels thick. It is clouding my brain. It is making me do way more takes in this video than I would've hoped. When we reach 10,000 parts per million, you're not supposed to work an eight-hour day in an environment like that because it's probably bad for your long-term health. You wouldn't want to be riding a motorcycle with that much carbon dioxide around you, but [takes breath] research shows that it's not uncommon for motorcycle helmets to have carbon dioxide levels that are that high. And I cannot imagine being impaired at this level and riding a motorcycle, let alone at 10,000 parts per million. Still, we have to go up quite a bit. We have to go all the way up to 30,000 before levels become extremely dangerous and potentially deadly. Now, I have some bad news and I have some good news. The bad news is that carbon dioxide levels are going to go up. They might even reach 695 parts per million by the end of the century. And that means that, globally, we could end up with something like a 10% or a 16% decrease in our cognitive function as a species, and that's a big deal. [takes breath] The good news is that we have the ability right now to change the environments that we live in, both in terms of the overall climate and in terms of the stale air spaces that we inhabit. [takes breath] So, you can go out and open a window in your office. I don't have that luxury, but you can. You can get some plants in your house. You can make sure that your HVAC, your air ventilation systems are up-to-date and functioning, [takes breath] and then you can use that cognitive surplus, you can use that bonus to your thinking abilities to try and find solutions for climate change and how you can make a difference. Tom, thank you so much for having me. I'm gonna lie down and stop talking. - Thank you, Kurtis! Go subscribe to his channel. You can start with his series from inside his biodome or, if that is a bit much right now, I also recommend his one-take video on the entire history of the universe. Next week is the final guest video, and it's all about neuroscience.
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today: he reads books y'know, it's Chris Joel. Third time's a charm. Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. Join me in my secret expedition, to Noel Edmonds' secret underground bunker... of filth! And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Today's show is sponsored by the word cuneiform. Getting highbrow here. In front of me I have an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a a point, and a... You OK there? Might be reaching coffee saturation. I'll start being funny any minute now. Can we just... Good siren noise there. Can we just take a minute to acknowledge how good that siren noise was?! In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a a point, and a ding [DING]. And there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is: ♫[MYSTERY BISCUITS]♫ You will put your back out doing that at some point, Gary. All in the name of wit. And today we are talking about Thomas Midgley Jr. Son of Thomas Midgley? I mean one would assume so, yeah. It doesn't explicitly say that here. It'll be under early life. I'm pretty sure. It's not! It just said where he was born. Which was the town of Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. Also known as a 'Slut Drop'. I said that before I thought about it! - That's a better joke than I was thinking about. - Pennsylvania, you're it this week! Either that, or it's a town at the bottom of a cliff. Above it is a large woodland. With a very heavily disguised edge of cliff. "What are we going to call this place?" That's my impression of a beaver, by the way. I don't know what noise they make when they hit the ground, I've never seen it. A siren noise by the sound of it. Oh, it's a trumpet. Yeah. Yeah. Grew up in Ohio, then. And went to Cornell University with a degree in mechanical engineering. He sounds like an awful person(!) His father was an inventor and he was an inventor and he made, I think a... great change to the world. Although it might not have been for the better. The automatic French horn? Why would you need an automatic French horn, Gary? To save you having the trouble of playing a French horn, dickhead! You've got player pianos, why not player French horns? -Yeah! -OK! Yeah! Come on. It's the general trend towards playerisation of the entire orchestra. They just stumbled on the kettle drum. It's a self-boiling kettle drum. It's just a kettle with the drum attached to it and steam... "That's not quite what we had in mind. But useful in the morning!" Eight am. "But I do have hot water for tea now, so that's good." And everybody's awake! No. That's not what he invented. I'm out. Tom, are you asking us of all the things that could have been invented in the 1900s I was hoping that you might hit on something I could move towards it. But no... Ivory harvesting machine? ...since you went with automatic French horn and ivory harvesting machine, no! Nothing like that. Let me see if I can narrow this down a bit. He was working at Dayton Research Laboratories. Oh! Dayton Research Laboratories! Still no idea. ...which are a subdivision of General Motors. So what would he be working on, in about 1920? This is December 1921. Nuclear powered car? The double decker bus? No, no, but you are technically closer. It's something to do with how cars are powered. Nuclear powered double decker bus! I mean... That's a great film actually. That's combining both noes there. Wait. What film is that? I remember that. - The Big Bus. - The Big Bus! Big Bus, brilliant. All I remember is someone pulling a lever and the flags of all nations popping out of the top of it. Yep. Yeah. Wow! It actually predates Airplane! as well. - It was a comedy, wasn't it? - Yeah. Aaw! Well "comedy". If you want a serious one, did you hear about Supertrain? No? This was a massive flop for NBC, in the US. It was one of the worst, one of the most expensive and greatest television failures of all time. This sounds like it should be in my DVD collection already. You know how they had the Love Boat? I do know how they had the Love Boat. Would you explain the Love Boat for our viewers? The Love Boat was a serial. I think it was probably weekly or something. Where you have a cruise liner. A boat went around, trying to shag other boats. My God! The one with the oil tanker! You should have seen that one. Lubricated. That's kinda what it sounded like. Make sure this one is called the 'Gary Brannan Sound Effects Special' As I have just done a cruise liner shagging an oil tanker. Actually, yeah! Sorry! ♫[MYSTERY BISCUITS]♫ Recognise the effort this series. Erm, no. I don't think it was a comedy. It was a kind of a light drama maybe. Romantic drama. Where you had a cruise liner... So was this like Tugs? No, no, no, no. Wow! I bloody love Tugs. Tugs, by the way, to digest... - Digest?! - Tugs was like Thomas the Tank Engine on water. We are now three diversions deep. But keep going. - We'll circle back round. - Tinder username! This is, I think, the third season in a row... where you have referenced Tinder, despite being the one married person at the table. Yeah! The one who's safest to reference it without any eyes swivelling on it. That's fair. But the Love Boat is a giant cruise liner... and you have guest stars every week and romantic things would happen, while at sea. - Right. - But because you're in international waters... there's all manners of deviancy you could get up to. This was the point. You could have a steady, regular cast for the crew... and guest stars each week, for the passengers on the ferry. Superdeathtrain! Supertrain. Which was NBC going, "Huh. They've got that, what can we do differently so it's not a complete ripoff? Let's put it on a train." Wow! "Let's put it on a nuclear powered train, that goes from New York to Los Angeles, in 36 hours." "That's a great idea. That can't possibly fail." Yes, when you do the math, that means the train is doing about 80 miles an hour. That's hardly impressive. That's hardly impressive at all. No. In fact you can do that on the West Coast Main Line. You actually could. Double width train, so you can get some sets and things like that. - Of course. - Stupid, stupid idea from start to finish. But it was like, "this is the big series. This is what we're going to do." Sounds expensive. Yes, it was massively expensive... it did not work. Why did we talk about Supertrain? - I don't know. We talked about nuclear powered... - Big Bus. - Nuclear powered bus. The Big Bus. - Big bus. Yep. - And then where were we... - And I said nuclear powered cars. - Because it was an invention for the motor. - Because he was working in Dayton... Because Thomas Midgley Jr... invented something about how cars were powered. God, I watched Inception last night. And this is more difficult. That's not surprising, I've seen Inception. What was the invention in the 1920s? That would reduce the... - That would make engines more effective. - Was it an electric car? No it wasn't. No, it was definitely petrol. In fact this was something to do with the petrol. Leaded petrol? Point! [DING] Absolutely spot on. Nice. Nice, harmonisation there. Yeah, that was good. He added tetraethyl lead... The scamp! ...to petrol and discovered it reduced 'knocking'. On heaven's door? Yes! Yes that's why... "Do you need to cure Bob Dylan? Use lead!" (That worked for JFK.) "What did he die of?" "Lead poisoning." Do you know, when it got to unleaded cars, in the early 90s, when it started coming in? They stopped selling four star. Four star petrol used to be leaded petrol. -And two star. -And two star, they stopped selling it. A relative of mine, who shall remain nameless, he's an older gentleman, shall we say Decided he wanted to convert his car to use unleaded petrol. It was quite an expensive procedure. So what he did was, he got unleaded petrol. Put it in the tank, and then bought, through a magazine today it would have been off a dodgy web site, but in those days it was a magazine some 'thing' you could put in your tank, to make your car unleaded. When they came, it was effectively lead shot. So he put unleaded petrol in... lead shot in, which re-adds lead. Let's face it. And he was convinced that his car was running on unleaded petrol, with all the benefits thereof. Genius! So this was the problem. Lead in petrol does reduce 'knocking'. What's the problem there? - It adds lead. - It adds lead! Yes, absolutely. Have a point [DING] It adds extremely toxic lead. Which then gets sprayed out, in the exhaust, over everyone nearby. Which is why we went to unleaded petrol. Which is why we had all that. Because lead is bad! If you didn't know that. What happened in 1923, just two years later, with Midgley? What did he do? [CHORUS] Die of lead poisoning! I mean not quite, I'm not actually giving anyone a point there, because, between the... no one was a third of a point close enough, to get that word. But he did take a prolonged vacation, to cure himself of lead poisoning. What did they call the addition? Lead. No! No. They knew that would not work well for marketing, so with tetra, ethyl and lead, They picked? -Plumbum. -Plumbum! Pumbum, ooh! Latin joke! 'Tis indeed. Yeah, but you can't say 'Putting bum in your petrol tank'! No, they went with ethyl Plumbum petrol. "Plumbum petrol, good for you and your car!" So they had a prototype plant... They started making the stuff... You don't make lead form plants. Isn't a prototype plant a seed? They had a prototype factory. Where they were making the stuff. What happened to the people who worked there? [CHORUS] They all got lead poisoning! Point. [DING] Yes. So this is clearly quite dangerous stuff. Midgley called a press conference, to demonstrate its safety. What did he do to demonstrate? Sprayed it onto some kids! He ate a sandwich made of lead. Killed the journalist, through lead poisoning. He produced a song and dance number 'Lead! It's Great!' He had a lead lolly. Lead lolly, yellow lolly! He turned up on a set, made entirely of lead, and produced a sitcom. -You're all... -Right? -Dancing around... -Did he writhe around in lead shot? -You know like... -What a great age Victoriana was! You know like mud wrestling, but lead wrestling. You know what Matt? You're bloody close enough. No one else is going to get it [DING] He wrestled in lead? No, he poured the stuff all over his hands... Yeah? and then just put the bottle under his nose, for sixty seconds, just sniffed it... for a while. And then died of lead poisoning. He claimed... He's already got the first signs of lead poisoning, of madness, already. Let's face it. Well he claimed, that... Hang on! Lead? He poured lead Not liquid? Poured... the stuff with lead in it The stuff they were putting in the petrol Molten lead over his hands. Argh! "This is fine, really!" He said he could do this every day, without succumbing to any problems whatsoever. What then happened? He died? -He succumbed to lead poisoning? -Lead poisoning? No, he managed to survive. His hands fell off? There and then. "Well this is embarrassing!" I'll give Chris the point [DING]. He retired, because of lead poisoning. 'Cause of lead. Did I even say that? I mean I'll take it. To be honest, I kinda kept track, all amidst the ridiculous suggestions of what you could do with lead at a press conference . -I kind of... -Are you saying you couldn't writhe around in lead? At a press conference? -I mean that... -Call a press conference! You'd get quite severe burns. He's in a lead suit -It's rather... -"Hello? Bring me the lead..." "Also, tell me what accent this is." "I don't know..." "And why I'm speaking in to my hand?" "Sir! That is lead." "Fantastic!" So needless to say, he didn't have a great effect on the environment. Well, I mean he had a great effect on the environment. It wasn't a... -Good one. -A 'great'... effect... on the environment. So he moved on to somewhere else, in General Motors. Yes? He moved out of that division. Obviously lead went on to be quite successful... as a thing, in petrol. Did he move on to drinkable arsenic? Or something like that? Well, you say that! He did. Did he put lead in the windows? Or lead in the... Leaded windows on cars. All little hexagons Stained glass cars. Beautiful image of St. Christopher on the rear window. It really, really is. Admit it... It needs thousands of pounds now to replace it now. It really does. Admit it. You want it though don't you? Of course I ****ing want it. Why doesn't the Popemobile have that? Very difficult to make that bullet proof, I imagine. Oh, that's fair. That's fair. Stained polycarbonate, doesn't really have the same ring about it. You just need the lead then. Forget the window. It's an actual leaded window. It's lead lined lead. You might be being a bit generous with window there, Matt. It's safe from... Just a shield. It's safe from Superman though. Superman can no longer see the Pope. That's fine. Oh yeah, 'cause that's how Superman gets his kicks. We technically have two popes, which is quire rare. -I don't have any popes. -Well... I mean you guys have been in my house. If you can find one pope! You've got a pope infestation. "Oh, I'll tell you what mate, it'll take a while to get..." I've tried spraying in Anglicanism. It's not shifting 'em. The weirdest thing is, they don't breed. But you know. The thing is, you could bring in your Anglicanism, but you just end up with an infestation of bishops and archbishops, which are even harder to get rid of, because they... Because they can only move diagonally! Thomas Midgley Junior, meanwhile Meanwhile, back at the Popemobile. Having retired from that... This is a day of sound effects for you. Having... Can we have a goose please? Go back to the old standards. And let's go for train. And both together. Thank you. That was a good one. A good combo one. That's one of the better ones in recent years. Old school! Old school. He moved on from the cars divisions of General Motors and he moved to Frigidaire. Oh for ****s sake he put loads of CFCs in the atmosphere! Point! [DING] Absolutely right! What a ****! I think on a list of people who shouldn't have bothered... He's on it! Can you imagine, wherever one might end up, beyond the icy veil of the hereafter He's sat there. 'So what did you do in life?'. 'Well I invented leaded petrol...' 'Right and ...' 'But then I moved on to putting lots of more dangerous chemicals in the atmosphere, after that.' All of our problems now, are his fault! Are his fault. This is the thing. What did CFCs, and what did all the new stuff, the Freon and things he put in fridges... ...fix? What was there before? What's more dangerous than that? What's more immediate. If you didn't know, because to be fair, they didn't know... what would happen with CFCs. If you don't know that. What are they a safe alternative to? Some other kind of gas that's cooling Ammonia. [CHORUS] Ah! Ammonia is very good at being compressed. And as a heat exchanger, it's pretty much unparalleled. But it is extremely toxic and extremely unsafe and a little bit... There are some alternatives. I've got chloromethane or propane. Ooh! Propane powered fridge! Yes! That's... It's not ideal. Electrical fault... Yes. That was one of the problems with it. You are just coming back to lots of houses with holes in their roofs, where the fridges went upwards. That kind of thing. If it's good enough for Indiana Jones... Yes. He basically invented the idea of using CFCs as refrigerants, and then into aerosol spray cans. And... things like that. -And he won medals for this, because, to be fair... -Oh, he would have. -They did... -Better than the alternative. Better than the alternative, but the long term consequences weren't known The King's Medal for Environmental ****ery, I think. He's actually on an interesting list, in Wikipedia. because the manner of his death is also somewhat unusual. Is he on the list of unusual deaths on Wikipedia? He is. Auto-erotic asphyxiation? You're right on two words there. Auto and asphyxiation. He didn't do an Isadora Duncan, did he? You are going to have to explain that reference. Isadora Duncan, Nineteen, twentieth century actress, was killed by her scarf becoming entangled in the back wheel. Her long scarf in an open top car, becoming entangled in the back wheel. I thought you said Wizadora. Very different. He contracted polio, at 51. Which left him quite severely disabled. So he's an inventor. He's bed ridden. He didn't invent the iron lung did he? No, the motorised bed. He's got a grabby system of a series of ropes and pulleys. Point. [DING] And he accidentally roped and pulley'd himself. Point again [DING] Absolutely right. He invented an elaborate system of strings and pulleys... and he got entangled in it, and there was nothing he could do about that. That is a heck of a way to go! Did he end up getting buried in lead? Lead casket, yeah. I doubt it? With a lot of coolant. They buried him in a fridge. -Lead fridge. -A lead fridge. So at the end of the show. Congratulations Matt. I'm giving you the win here. You win a hellbound Ford Transit, previously owned by a Belgian action star, that's had a genetic copy made of its mandible. Van Damme's... van...? Van Damme's damned van... and... something. It's Jean Claude van Damme's damned clone-jawed van. I tried! So congratulations there. With that, we say goodbye to Chris Joel. To Gary Brannan. To Matt Gray. Bye bye YouTube. I've been Tom Scott and we'll see you next time. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me in the studio today, he reads books, you know it's Chris Joel! Hello! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! Good evening...! And the bounciest man on the internet, Matt Gray! Hello YouTube... In front of me, I have an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. All... Matt! Every fact they get right is a point and a ding [DING]. And theres a special prize for particularly good answers which is... So undignified. Today's article is Thomas Trueblood. That's a fine Victorian name, I'm thinking... Uh, you're right. Yes... Born...I'll give you a point for that. Thank you! [DING] Born 1856. Was he an engineer? No...not at all, quite the opposite, in fact. A demolitions expert! Okay, not literally the opposite. Was he going around mills, letting the steam out? Fly free, water vapour! Begone from your... Thomas Trueblood. So...Victorian not-an-engineer... Yeah...he's very much in the liberal arts. Author. Uh, no. Not really. More to do with, um, spoken word than the written word. Was he president of the British Shouting Association? Oh...you're not close enough for a point...but you're in the right area. American Oratorial Society. I will give you the point there. [DING] He's a Professor of Oratory and Elocution. And somehow I said that really, really, eloquently, because... -- Oratory and elocution. -- Elocution, darling(!) Yes... Um, Trueblood gave dramatic readings around the world. He did a performance of Hamlet. What might have been special about that? All he did was rent out some pork products Ham-let. Jesus(!) I want it back, sithee... Oh sorry, elocution. I would like that back when you're finished with it. First radio performance of Hamlet? Little bit early for that, sadly. We're...1908. First slapstick performance of Hamlet? Chuckle Brothers' Hamlet. To me, to you... Do we have to explain the Chuckle Brothers to the rest of the internet? -- No. -- They can Google it...it's fine. Don't Google it! Yeah, do! Don't! It was simply a one-man, abridged production. Was it just really short? I quote here, "It is his plan to keep the principal scenes of the play, narrating the unimportant parts." Like it! He literally just skipped the boring bits. "Hamlet, the highlights." Yup! I could do that...I could do that kind of Shakespeare! "Everybody dies." "Hamlet." "Everybody dies..." "Romeo and Juliet." Yeah. The most notable thing in this article is just titled... "The Jam Handy incident." Who is Jam Handy? Well, that is literally the question I would like to ask you. Because it's a name! I assume it's some precursor to the Hamburglar. I'm for your delicious conserves! "You can't stop me, Trueblood. Why...I don't know why you run a conserve business... "but you see where I'm driving at..." "You see where we're going with this..." Did he savagely put down Jam Handy in a debate? Ooh, yes. Sure. Was this a scandal because Jam Handy was of the upper class and Trueblood was of the middle class? Well, you wouldn't want to fight him... 'cause Jam Handy's damn handy! It's a wonderful plot... but no it's not. Jam Handy was a freshman student, 17 years old. Henry Jamison Handy, hence Jam Handy. Yeah, if I had that kind of a name, I think I'd go with Jam Handy as well, so yeah. He got a bronze in the 1904 Olympics. Was that the Olympics where they had to stop the marathon, because the bloke drove a car and won it? Um, give me a moment... There was one of those Olympics where the marathon was called off 'cause some bloke blatantly ran the first hundred yards, got in a car, drove it That's much more common in the Tour de France in the early years as well. Yeah. Gary... No way! Nice! Really? Smooth! 1904 Summer Olympics, Frederick Lorz rode the rest of the way in a car, to retrieve his clothes, after dropping out after nine miles. So he dropped out at nine miles, rode the rest of the way, then the car broke down at mile 19, and he just started jogging again! To be fair, Lorz went on to win the Boston marathon, but the actual winner was a Brit called Thomas Hicks who was a Brit running for the US. But he had been... doped, it would be in modern terms. He was supported by his trainers when he crossed the finish... What had they given him? Brandy! Yes! [DING] Spot on with brandy. Have the point. What had they mixed it with? Beans! Cocaine! Ketamine! Margarine! Rat poison. Bollocks! -- What?! -- Harsh! Strychnine sulfate. Right... Poisoned you in just the right way, if done in just the right amount? Yup! He possibly would have died in the stadium, had he not been treated by several doctors. Why did you say brandy? Because it just seems to be... it's just the standard pick-me-up. Again, 'cause I do cycling and follow cycling... Early days of the Tour de France... Stop, have a brandy, crack back on! It's traditional sort of mind, brain, and nerve tonic. You know... It gets worse. 'Cause we had Frederick Lorz, rode some of the way in a car... Thomas Hicks, technically won, but doped by modern terms Felix Carvajal -- I might've mispronounced that -- is a Cuban postman. Arrived at the last minute, ran in his street clothes. What kind of slowed him down? His bag full of post. And his hat. Getting attacked by every dog on the way. Yeah. Yes. Getting it off all the ladies on the way. Oh hang on, yeah. Yeah. He just picked up a sarnie on the way? Not quite a sarnie... Tackled a cow! Had a bite. No, not quite. It was a vegetable, rather than an animal Potato? He stood in a marrow? Just clomped along with it on his foot! "I've been attacked by a squash!" "How am I meant to run in these marrowy clogs?!" What do I need this for? I mean the clogs are the main problem there, really. I mean, I know technically the Dutch marathon team do use them, but... Can you imagine... the best thing about the English language... nowhere else in the world is anyone going to yell today... "How do I win in these marrowy clogs?" Marrowy Clogs actually came fifth. Right now, we need to smash cut to somewhere in the Netherlands. "How do I run in these marrowy clogs?!" "No one else say that today..." No, he stopped off to have some apples that he took from an orchard. Why did those actually slow him down a little bit? Arsenic poisoning? Uh...why arsenic? There's...in apple seeds is that arsenic? -- Cyanide. -- Cyanide! Sorry, wrong thing, right idea. Were they a lot of crab apples? Did they give him...like a dodgy tummy? Um, they did give him a dodgy tummy. They were just rotten. Oh, you idiots. Well that wasn't very bright... You would know if you picked up a rotten apple! He had to lie down and take a nap! And here's the thing... this is why you say 1904...this is possibly why it stuck in your head, because there were so many things... despite that, he finished fourth! How?! So someone's had a nap, the other guy got in the car... So presumably he actually finished second because the first two cheated... Well, uh, no. The guy who... Doping wasn't technically an offense at that point. Oh, okay. There wasn't synthetic drugs there, they'd given him an incredibly dangerous cocktail and no one had thought to put that in the rules. Is this all the same race? This is all the same race! This is the 1904 Olympic marathon. Now you said, "Was he chased by dogs?" The postman wasn't... one of the other runners was! Nearly a mile off course. Um, one of the first two black Africans to compete in the Olympics. Uh, Len Tau was chased a mile off course by aggressive dogs. You've got a dog Benny Hill, you've got a man cheating in a car, you've got a bloke on brandy, another guy who's had a nap. And they weren't even part of the Olympics! The Africans running the marathon, they just... they were students from South Africa who'd been brought over as part of an exhibit on the Boer War that was next to the Olympics! Had they just thought "We'll have a go." "We'll have a go!" "It's only 26 miles." Why...why has this not been serialized for television?! Guys, I think we found the format... Yes! Um, a long time ago, folks, we were talking about Jam Handy. Oh, we were! Oh, what was he about again? Refresh my memory. He got a bronze in the 1904 Olympics in swimming. But what we're actually talking about is what he did to Thomas Trueblood. Did he heckle him in a particularly hilarious fashion? Um, not in person. Started a scandal about him. Ooh, yeah, surely. Yes, have a point. [DING] -- Yay! -- Yes. "Once mispronounced something... if you know what I mean." I'm going to give you another point, because it really is [DING] "if you know what I mean". Trueblood was teaching, and I'm going to quote here, "The delivery of short extracts from masterpieces of oratory". Which was from a scene from a play, in which a man kneels in front of a woman, pleading for her hand. Okay? Nothing particularly off-colour about that. Unfortunately, Handy then wrote an article for a newspaper. Does anyone want to guess what he actually said was going on there? Oh! Some kind of dirty filth? That was not fit for the stage. Yeah, you can have a point there. [DING] He said that students at Ann Arbor were taking lessons in lovemaking. A lesson in Victorian lovemaking would be: man is knelt in that fashion, lights go off, someone goes ouch, lights come back on, she's got a baby. That's basically how it works in those days, I think. That's accurate. It's how it works now, isn't it? That article did the 1900s equivalent of going viral, because... Sold three copies! Yeah, well every...the local newspaper picked it up, then the national newspaper picked it up, and all of a sudden, Trueblood is sitting there, in his superior's office with all these cuttings around him going "I didn't do this!" I quote here, from the Chicago Tribune... "Trueblood has nearly worn out his trousers at the knees." You've got to pay your way through college somehow... We've all been there, eh, fellows? Um, what did Handy... Um, Handy went on to do many things, um, he went on to be athletic. What was his main job? Parachutist. Public Relations. Aww... There's this lovely picture here of the last... you know the vanity card, the last thing you see, when the logo comes up, and the... Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah "A Jam Handy picture." At the end of the show, uh... Oh! It's over! Thank God it's over! Congratulations, Chris! You win this week. Yay! You win a miniature library, to be inserted rectally from which you can shoot the President of the United States. It's a "Texas Book Suppository". I was with you... I was against you... It's just about come back... Thank you very much to Chris Joel. Thank you very much. To Gary Brannan. To Matt Gray. Buh bye! That's been the Technical Difficulties, I've been Tom Scott, and we'll see you next time! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
...in front of me I have an article from Wikipedia, and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a... [thump] ding? A point and a massive thud on the table! You've forgotten the button again! Oh. Button's in my bag. Balls. Button's in your ballbag...? Ha! I need to get my button. I'm sorry. Blimey. As you can see, viewers, it's started well. I hope this stays in(!) Tom's gone to get his button out of his... his sack. So I'd like to welcome you to after the credits. Shut the door and lock it. We win! -- By default! -- It's our show now. Such cheating! By the way, to everyone -- this is never going to get in it -- No, I can't ****ing see his screen! 'Cos that would defeat the whole object! I can't see it 'cos it's over the back. He can see it, but he's blind in the left eye. Have you ever tried to look at the side of an LCD screen? You can't see anything! Besides, all he has on there is high-class Dutch pornography until he looks at it to tell us what the article is anyway(!) The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt The New Highway to the Arctic Ocean-frhMomcKT9o.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt Why Is London's Cable Car So Damn High-lyHbCAY3hqM.en.vtt.srt.txt class? Have you ever seen both his hands above the table in any of these episodes? I think not. Are we just starting again, then? No, no, we'll cut something together from that, I think.
I took a canal boat holiday with some friends once. (Were they Martians?) No, they weren't Martians. Has anyone ever been on a canal boat holiday? - Yes. - I haven't. - You know when you open and close a lock gate? - Correct. You've got the lock gate. To open the… the little… The… what are they? Paddles. Paddles! The paddles that let the water in and out of the lock. - You use what is called a windlass. - You do. Which is basically a big crowbar-like-thing that you put in Wind it like that And then, while the paddles are open, You hold onto the windlass. So it doesn't chin you. - Yes. - Oh, the force of the water makes it go… She makes it spin round very quick! Yes. I was given the instruction "hold onto the windlass" roughly at the exact point that I let go of the windlass at which point it performed one complete revolution and hit me squarely in the balls. Poseidon's kick right there!
Behind me is the last surviving tollgate in London, on a private road through Dulwich College. Back at the start of the 19th century, almost all the roads out of London were turnpikes, toll roads. And it wasn't just London: across the country, there were hundreds of turnpike trusts, private companies that had a government-approved monopoly on one particular bit of road. They kept it in reasonable condition, at least by the horse-drawn standards of the day, and in exchange they could charge a toll. But travelling across country meant you'd be paying tolls to half a dozen different and possibly-corrupt companies as you went. Heck, just travelling across London you could hit tollgate after tollgate after tollgate. Now, the Turnpike Trusts did some good: the money paid for a decent road network. But they weren't popular: before the turnpikes came along, the roads, although they were frequently rough and difficult to travel on, were free. So there were complaints, and occasional riots, but the turnpikes stood. But then along came the railways. Suddenly anyone who could afford to pay road tolls could also afford a faster and more comfortable option. So both people and freight moved to rail. The turnpike trusts started to collapse, local government took over all the roads, and by the time motorways came along, it was accepted that government collected tax, and then used that tax to build new roads. But what if history had turned out slightly differently? Where would we be if all the roads were still private, if every major route had a toll that went not to government, like the Congestion Charge or modern American turnpikes, but to a private company running it? If every time you drove onto London's Westway, you paid £5 to the Westway Corporation sponsored by McDonalds? Well, actually, er, we would be in France. Most of the French autoroutes, the motorways there, are run by private companies, collecting tolls, just like the old days. You don't need to visit some bizarre zeppelin-filled alternate reality to find turnpikes -- there are always zeppelins in alternate realities -- all you need to do is cross the Channel.
This is The Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books y'know, it’s Chris Joel. Now then. Everybody’s favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan. It’s me! AUDIENCE: Hurray! Oh, I see, I see! - You get the warm-up time. - Wow. Did you set up that up while we were outside waiting for you? Yes, I did. And standing in for Matt Gray, please welcome stand-up mathematician, Matt Parker. Pleasure to be your replace-Matt. In front of me I’ve got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can’t see it. Every fact they get right is a point and a ding, and there's a special prize for particularly good answers which is... What did you do? Whacked my funny bone on my chair. - Oh! - That is pretty funny. And today…! That’s the right hand, he needs that one(!) Come Matt, fill in for the classy panel show, it'll be great(!) And today we are talking about Turra Coo. I don’t know, Turrack who…? Y'know, I figured out at least know what the words you’re saying are. Well, the language is Doric. Okay, Aberdeen. Oh he’s right. Straight off. Oh, thank you. Aberdeenshire, North East Scotland. It’s a particular dialect. Yes, you are absolutely right, near the Aberdeenshire town of Turriff. And Turra is Turriff. Okay. What might Coo be? PIGEONS. Is it one of those cattle that's in fields? - Oh yeah, Coo! - A Highland Coo. - He’s absolutely right. - What?! I just... how does... wow. Right! Bye, everybody. I’m just working out if they had a big enough population for a hostile takeover. That is incredible. No, you’re absolutely right. The Turra Coo is Doric for the Turriff cow. Were you not expecting that to be the right answer? No! That was supposed to be a “joke”. You were just making a cheap joke at the expense of the Scots dialect. - I was. - You’re absolutely right. I know somewhere between, like, a non-zero amount of things about a lot of things and a niche dairy cow… I'm like, okay, I’m out. Mate, welcome to my world. The cow became famous. Britain’s Got Talent! Did it juggle? How, it’s got four legs and no arms? It lies on its back and does that. I was going to go, it was sat on an office chair. Or any other chair could do. It just so happened its act was on an office chair. Well, that means you can slide it onto the stage. Exactly. 'Cos it can’t propel itself because its little legs are stuck out forwards. Oh, you think I’m being ridiculous, but actually I’ve just produced a very good way of transporting a cow sat down. At last(!) I like the idea that there would be notation for a cow juggling with four limbs. There would. I’m sure you could. Well somebody’s written the patterns ’cos it… “Boring juggler information!” Brace yourselves, here it comes. Well, that’s how Gandini patterns work. That’s effectively one... There’s two people using four arms to juggle one pattern. And the siteswap notation, they mathematically predicted new juggling tricks that had never been juggled before because the maths worked out and then they're like, “oh it worked, my goodness!” And so, mathematically you can predict ways to juggle without ever having to bother to learn or pick the balls up, it’s great(!) Biscuit that man. So, Turra Coo...! Yeah. The juggling cow of Britain’s Got Talent, we’ve already established this. This was definitely before Britain’s Got Talent. It is... Oh, X Factor. PT Barnum. Pop Idol. Opportunity Knocks for the students in the audience, yeah. You’re certainly closer, this was Aberdeenshire. This was under a Liberal government, and liberal with a capital L there. Okay, so that is pre-David Lloyd George, probably, are we talking Liberal Whig territory here? It was actually, I’m going to give you the point because you gave the name. David Lloyd George. It was David Lloyd George as Chancellor of the Exchequer. Oh my God, that’s... 1911! Yeah, you’re absolutely right, have a point again. I have it down here as the 1910s, but that’s… Specific referencing(!) What did he bring in? Er. Finance and Valuation Act. Erm, pensions. And Unemployment Benefit. The Parliament Act. Have I missed them all? The first cow that could retire with a safe pension(!) I’m going to give Gary the point. It was National Insurance contributions. What, for cows? Yeah! Er, no, it w... Three squirts for you, one for the taxman. For all workers between 16 and 70. So it was the National Insurance Act. Yes, okay. And the farmers local to Turriff were not happy about this. Because they would have pay their employees National Insurance stamps. The contributions were too high, yes, absolutely right. And it was unfair for them to pay for something they were unlikely to use. Unlikely? They’re very likely, they’re all going to get to… Well, they might not get to pensionable age actually. No, Coo-beasties kill 'em. Immortal dairy workers. Less in mortal peril than some other people in that era. Who might have been more at risk? At risk? People working in the dairy mines. Yeah, the big cream seams, they took a lot of lives. Yes, rich seam of... Rich seam of squirty that comes out. More they're drilling, and it's like: “we’ve struck cream!” “We’ve got a gusher!” Face is white, takes the glasses off. “Oh, we’re safe now.” The thing is, apart from the word dairy in there you’re absolutely right, so I’m giving you the point. It was people that would work in the mines and in industry. So there were protests, and what did one particular farmer refuse to do? And no doubt it involves this cow. No, not yet. The cow has not yet got involved. It will later involve this cow. It will later involve this cow, but I’m not giving you a point for that ’cos that’s bloody obvious. Did they march somewhere? That was happening, but we’re looking at what one specific person was doing, as civil disobedience. And it can’t just be… he wasn’t just refusing to make the payments, so it must be something creative. It was stamping the insurance cards. It was doing the paperwork required for that time. That maybe the most boring answer to a quiz question. I realise that but we need to get through this. That’s how we resist in this country. Stuck his quill in the farmyard, and wrote it on with that. Oh... Was it a poo-related protest, are we headed there? No it wasn’t, it was literally he just refused to do this, so he was charged, he was sentenced to pay £15 plus the arrears which, in… That’s not a small amount of money, that’s probably a couple of hundred quid actually in today’s terms, I would have thought. Did the debt collector take his cow? Ah! Sheriff’s Officer George Keith turned up, as a bailiff essentially, and looked around for property that could be seized. And went, “this cow’s in a chair already”. “I can just wheel it straight out of the farmyard.” In the barn, juggling, it’s dead easy to see, yeah. That cow’s worth a lot. Future earnings alone… This is getting a bit Jack-and-the-Beanstalk so far, I’m going to be honest. It is a bit, the Sheriff seized the cow. Okay. The trouble is: now the government owns a cow. Wait, we’ve got the National Cow! It was set to be sold. Yes. What’s the slight problem with that? Oh, no bugger'd buy it! Absolutely right. Oh boy. Not only that. No local mart, no local agricultural mart, would handle the sale. So now the government still has a cow. Who is no doubt hungry… Can I just ask, is it a boy cow or a girl cow? - It’s a girl cow. - Okay, thank you. I believe there’s technically a term for that. Yes, it’s "cow". I only know that because I’ve made that same mistake myself. The citizens found the cow tied in the village square and decorated with a slogan, “Lendrum to Leeks.” Lendrum is where they were. Why that might have been the slogan? It’s making a reference to someone. To Lloyd George? Why would that be? Oh, he’s Welsh. There’s the point, yes. Yes, yes, yes. That’s a nice bit of stereotyping I just sauntered into there, isn’t it? Well, this was being done by the Sheriff, as the victor. This is: we have taken your cow, we are tying it in the square, we can’t sell it but it’s not your cow anymore. What was the response to this? Barbecue! No, they liked the cow, they wanted to keep the cow. You can like it, and it be delicious. Fair point. Those are not even close to being mutually exclusive. They brought in loads of other identical cows. They're like, “you’ll never tell which one it is now!” Oh, that’s cunning. And painted them one, three, and four, so everyone looked for number two. Did they put giant hats over them and do like a three-cow Monte? Get-- mmf-- in---! Which one is the cow in? Well, like, it’s not a difficult… “Under one of these cups...” One of them is about six-foot off the ground. And it's walking that way… I’m going to Vegas and doing that, I’ll make my fortune, I know I will. There was a near-riot, is the answer. There was a 100-strong mob pelting the Sheriff’s officers with rotten fruit and soot. We don’t do that these days, do we? We don’t get riled up over minor issues to the same extent. It’s also very hard to get soot and fresh vegetables these days. That’s a fact, you’re not going to pay through the nose at Waitrose for those, are you, if you’re just going to lob them at someone? You know, the best you can do is, like, Amazon one hour delivery, and even then the Sheriff’s probably cottoned on and legged it. There’s an outlet for them, Amazon Protest! They can supply you with… Brilliant! Anything that goes out of date. Send it for flinging! Bags of soot… And it could be good because instead of a real brick, they could send you one of those rubber ones, so you make the same point but no one gets hurt. But you can still do the same thing, you put someone else’s address in, and under delivery instructions say “please throw through window”. Oh, yes! I can’t help but feel this is drifting towards Amazon drones, to a drone-strike joke. A drone general strike! Like three people got that Gary, and that was a really good gag. It’s a constituency, thank you. You can do that. You can send people bees, can’t you, in the post? You can send ants, definitely. I mean, I’ve heard. I’m not opening that package now, man. - And ladybirds. - Instructions: “If I’m not home, through the letterbox, one at a time, please.” In individual packaging. Well, once you’ve sent the first one through the others will probably follow it. Well, Lloyd George was subject to a lot of protests anyway, it won’t be over this. I think it’s over women’s suffrage, but they planted a bomb outside his house at one point. And my favourite one is they cut his braces. A lady came up behind, snapped his braces and his trousers fell down. For the non-UK audience, that’s like suspenders, the things that hold your trousers up. It's not like the things on his teeth. Get someone with wire cutters, “pa-twing”! Oh no, snaggle-toothed again! And for someone in the UK, Lloyd George had enough scandal around him not to say 'suspenders'. Yes, that’s true. So amidst the melee, there is a cow… Love it. That’s probably winning. ...with a slogan painted on the side. There are the Sheriff’s officers and now an angry, rioting mob. What happens during this? I’m reckoning the cow is used in some way as part of the mob, maybe to head it off, or a battering ram. Oh, that would be a sheep though. No, the cow escapes. - Yay! - Oh, fantastic. The cow makes a bid for freedom, and is… This is what they want. It’s just gone from that edge of organised protest to Benny Hill. Yes! The cow was later found in a nearby barn. Eight farm workers were put on trial in Aberdeen for disorderly conduct. Nice charge. All the people put on trial were acquitted, why? What was the verdict they were given? “Ultimate LOLs”. That is not a valid Scots verdict. But something else is. “Top bants”? There is a verdict in Scotland that there is not in England and Wales. It must be some kind of... you’re allowed to protest provided you use enough soot? No, we’re talking verdict here. There is guilty, there is not guilty, and there is something else in Scotland. Is there not proven, or something like that? Yes, you’re absolutely right. Scots Law has a verdict of not proven. Which is that kind of: “We know you done it really.” “We’re not saying you didn’t do it, but you did it well.” The prosecution have not proved their case beyond reasonable doubt, is “not proven”. There was that one hold-out guy that was actually... a cow. I suspect in this instance it’s just nobody'd testify. You’re absolutely right, you’re absolutely right and that’s one of the reasons why. If the evidence is not sufficient, but it’s circumstantial… - Are you okay there? - Oh, god. We’ve lost Gary, we’ve lost him. It’s going to be interesting to see what this is about, because it doesn’t really follow from what’s just been said. It’s something so incredibly funny but grossly inappropriate. I was going to say, whenever you’re ready, fella. No, no, it’s not, it’s just like, no, no, no, It's the thought of, they’re going into the court room and the prosecution going in. “We’ve got them, we’ve nailed them, we’ve got a good body of evidence.” “All rise for his Honour…” The sound of four hooves coming in. “Forget it!” So the cow was eventually taken to Aberdeen, it was sold for £7. The government, how did they do out of that deal? Oh, are they massively out of pocket on the rail fares? Yeah, you have to book two seats and… Yeah, yeah… I was just thinking, you didn’t factor in because this is, it’s not just a cow, it’s a famous cow. That must push the value up a little bit. It can juggle, it’s passed the Bar and become a judge so… It’s diversified its skillset. Yes, you need some little cows as bodyguards obviously. Yeah, little things in their ears, dark glasses, all that kind of shizz. So the entourage alone, getting it down to the market and that… The expenses that you incurred are outrageous really. The high-class grass she got shipped in. Yes, you’re absolutely right, the Sheriff’s department took a loss on the whole thing. What then happened? ’Cos this cow is in Aberdeen and it’s not been slaughtered for anything yet. Got on the wrong train, ended up in Sheffield. Why is this cow on a train? Because that’s how you’d probably transport a cow at that time. There’s a full circle to this story. Did it become a cow again? It was never not a cow, Gary. It was a judge for a bit! That doesn’t mean it can’t still be… For God’s… I mean you put a wig on it, who’s to say what animal it is? That’s my defence and I’m sticking to it, it’s not proven. Not proven because we couldn’t see its scalp. Exactly. The farmer’s friend bought it back and gave it to him as a gift. Yes. You are absolutely right. Oh, that’s nice. It was… Good, ’cos I had a list of about ten different permutations I was going to go through. Yes, it’s close enough. Bryony Miller, local girl and wife of the farm hand rallied the local community together, bought back the cow and presented it back as a major public event. Was it in a box? Did it have a bow around it? Paraded with garlands and ribbons and flowers. Eyy! And painted with the slogan, “free...” I’m going to translate this from the Scots, because I can’t do the accent, “Don’t you wish you were me?” Aww. Yeah, I’m a juggling cow that’s been a judge. I’ve had a hell of a life. How are they doing all these messages? I mean does paint rub off cows? Well, I’m from an urban environment, I’ve never painted one! Chalk, yeah, but… Do we have any one in the audience who has ever painted a cow? Or knows someone who might later. That is, like... I was really worried for a minute there was… This is the most middle version of cow-tipping I’ve heard of in my life. To be fair, he dropped Waitrose into the conversation earlier. Like you’ve, you’ve gone up… Only because I’ve been to one earlier to buy your biscuits. And his banana. And my croissant, but that’s different. He says, “Do you want anything from the shop?” I’m like, “Yeah, we need some biscuits.” He’s like, “Yes, get me a banana.” “Banana!” Yes actually he just said… Banana, repeatedly. And then he comes in and he’s got a croissant. Don’t get me about middle class. Didn’t have almond in it. “Almond? Luxury!” What happened to the cow? There’s got to be, like, if you want to visit the cow now, its skeleton is in the… Is in a corner of the farmland, yes. It was treated well for the remaining years. It was not sent to market after all and eventually died a natural death and was buried in the corner of the farm. And you can still pilgrimage to the corner of the farm? No, but you can go to a roadside monument in Lendrum. Ah. That’s good. I thought you were going to say no, but you can stop on the outside lane of the A363 or something like that. A bit of light trespassing later. Is there a ghost of the cow by the layby? I'd like to think there is. I like the idea that’s just a layby ghost, because that’s a pretty crap ghost. ’Cos you park in a layby in the middle of the night, you hear a mooing, “oh there’s a cow nearby.” Yes, but it’s a juggling cow ghost! How would you know you’ve not seen the ghost of a cow? Deep. And on that note, congratulations Gary, you win this week’s show. You win a tool for combing through ponds to find male ducks, signed by a Canadian rapper. It’s a Drake Lake Drake Rake. Sorry, it looks like Drake’s signature is actually a forgery there, so it’s a fake Drake Lake Drake Rake. You are the f***ing worst. Do enjoy that, and on that we say thank you to Chris Joel. “It’s over! It’s over!” To Gary Brannan. And to Matt Parker. I’ve been Tom Scott and we’ll see you next time.
All this weekend, I'm at Electromagnetic Field, the enormous hacker camp in the middle of the UK. And this is the first thing I didn't know that I found out here. I'm with Toby Jackson from Nottingham Hackspace and his marvelous booze fogger. What on Earth is this? This is my contribution to the BarBot project, which is kind of being built behind you. Basically, a device for turning alcohol and spirits into a rather nice inhalable mist. It's not a complicated device. It's mostly pretty work in a nice suitcase, but deep inside it with my wonderful wiring is two glass tubes which have inside two ultrasonic foggers which have a little brass plate that vibrates ultrasonically, which just smashes whatever liquid is in there to tiny, tiny droplets, which then float. You can buy them off the Internet. You want the ones that cost about £20. It's a heavier-than-air mist, so we have this little air pump which just goes in there and ensures that, in proper mad scientist fashion, you get this rather nice effect. And it's swirling over the top. So, basically, it's to look pretty and to be fun. Does it get people drunk? It makes drunk people think they're drunk. In a column of this, you get about two or three teaspoonfuls of booze Take the lid off and you can inhale it in, as I just did, and you get a bit of a head rush. And you get it here in the back of your throat. Once you've got a few drinks in you, it'll make you go, "Ooh, hello," and be a little bit drunker than you were beforehand. So, it's relatively safe, but it just feels like it's a lot more of a- You said "relatively safe"? Yeah, you are inhaling alcohol -- you're inhaling droplets of vodka into your lungs. That's kind of a bad idea. But many fun things are bad ideas. So if you start putting your face mask on this sort of thing, and inhaling, inhaling, inhaling, that's going to mess you up because basically, if you drink too much, you throw up, and, you know, have a bad time. If you inhale too much, you can't breathe it back out. You can't throw it up. There's no body safety mechanism. Your body's not designed to go, "Oh yeah, I can throw this stuff up." It just goes, "Oh god, I've-.." and then, you know, liver poisoning. It's not a very good idea in the first place, but if you're under 18, it's illegal. C'mon kids, play safe. Lovely, thank you very much. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Thames Estuary. It's a busy shipping lane, carrying everything from small pleasure boats to massive container ships between the London docks and the English Channel. Overhead is an approach path for some of London's air traffic. But right there, in the middle of the Estuary, two miles offshore: there are 1,400 tonnes of unexploded bombs. In 1944, the SS Richard Montgomery was transporting munitions for the US Air Force. She was moored here for the night, and a combination of bad weather and bad decisions meant she ran aground on the sandbank out there. The weight of the bombs broke the ship in two, and it's been sitting there ever since as the tide digs a little crater around it. Some of its cargo was cleared away, but not enough. If the worst happens, it would be one of the largest non-nuclear explosions in history. Seriously. As a comparison, the Russian army has tested something nicknamed the Father of All Bombs, which is the equivalent of 44 tonnes of TNT. This boat has 30 times that. There's an exclusion zone around it, of course, marked out and listed on charts. Occasionally some jackass will paddle up to the masts and pose for a photo, but let's be honest, if years of storms and shifting sands haven't set it off, that probably won't either. So what are the risks? Well, no-one's entirely sure. That's the problem. No-one knows what the conditions inside the ship are. And there's no research on what seawater does to bombs over more than half a century. They should be fine: they're in clear, cold water. And while the TNT itself doesn't degrade, its fuses will have worn away. Which would make it safe, if it weren't for the 2,500 cluster bombs on the deck above which could fall down on it, and which might have a slight tendency to unexpectedly degrade and explode even though they're not armed. Possibly. Depending on who you believe. So should something be done? The Coastguard, along with the Receiver of Wreck, the wonderfully-titled British civil servant in charge of this sort of thing: they publish regular reports on the ship, based on sonar and laser scans and occasional dives. The consensus view is that it's safe, but steadily degrading as tide and time take their toll. It's probably fine to do nothing. And trying to clear it, moving all that volatile material, well, that could be a much, much greater risk to life, let alone an enormous expense. And if it did go up, perhaps the water would contain most of the explosion. But no-one's certain. There are some extremely vocal people, most of whom live near the thing, who say the risk of leaving it is too great: the worst-case scenario is that, suddenly, there's one nudge by a wave in the wrong place at the wrong time -- and the equivalent of a small nuclear bomb goes off, taking out the nearby towns -- and the nearby liquid gas storage -- first with a blast wave and then an actual wave. This ship isn't just interesting because of what it contains. It's interesting because it's an unknown. There are risky things like this all over the world, but generally we can quantify them, we can say it's a one-in-a-million chance. But this is a risk that it's impossible to put a number on, or say anything other than, yeah, it's probably going to be fine. Doing nothing is probably the right thing to do, and that's what the government's going to do. But we don't know it's the right thing to do, not for sure. The only way to know is to wait and see. And maybe buy some good insurance. "Small, far away! Small, far away! "Father Ted reference, Google it." [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Right, this is your reminder to please put your phones back into airplane mode... F***, he's come on dynamic this time, hasn't he? "Please turn off your phones, "shut the f*** up, strap the f*** in. "I am Tom Scott, the game begins now!" AKA, as he knows it, foreplay. Accurate(!) That's actually "strap the f*** on", but never mind... That's right, ladies and gentleman, working blue. Working blue. Start as you mean to go on. Is your phone in airplane mode, Matt(?) I love the way your phone goes back in time about 60 years, as if it's prop-driven. Like that joke. -- Hey! I liked that. -- Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt Fail-Safe vs. Fail-Deadly (with Colin Furze)-TUKQfMFKfjk.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt Fallout Shelters and Zurich's Water - Swiss Resilience-TGyHJ-xmcuc.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt Ferret Legging - Citation Needed 6x04 Bonus Material-KNq4PdbnDtg.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt Fillies in Philly - Citation Needed 6x06 Bonus Material-67adxXG34-k.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt Flying A Plane With Fireworks On The Wings-HuGHV0fbBiE.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt For Those Just Tuning In - Citation Needed 4x02 Bonus Material-cQygmnpX66E.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt Freezing 200,000 Tons of Lethal Arsenic Dust-E4nZDSLdIiM.en.vtt.srt.txt.txt me. It's a prop joke, it's a prop, it's got a prop. Propeller. Comedy! I have never called myself a comedian. Right, let's test the buttons. Here's button number one. "Number one!" Okay, so... I'm gonna struggle by the third one, 'cos I've never said that. Chris can do an excellent Patrick Stewart impression. It used to be excellent, it's probably a bit... On only two words. "Number one!" It's good. If I try the next one... "Number two!" Goes a bit Sean Connery. And frankly we've never gone beyond this so don't know what's gonna happen but can I get a... Tea, Earl Grey, hot. Close enough. Which was crap, but never mind! Matt, are you ready? "Patrick Stewart." Coca-Cola. I'll remove the branding. Have you gone and done a brand deal behind my back there, Matt? No... Gary, are you ready? Sponsored by water. -- On that note... -- Water. It's... -- There! -- Wet! Does plants, does people, 's great. "Does plants, "does people, "it's great! "Water." Canals, rivers, lakes, puddles. All belting! The Water Marketing Board, there. Chris, are you ready? Ah, yeah, why not, go on. Audience, are you ready? Audio, we okay? Yes. Video? - Give us a nod on the robocam. - Robocamera. Yeah, that is a nod. Lovely. In which case... (Why did I drink a fizzy drink?) Have you got windy-pops? Just not into the mic, please, that's all I ask. You know my wind. I'm not gonna(!) Ladies and gentlemen can we have a round of applause for the start of the show!
This is the Technical Difficulties, we're playing Citation Needed. Joining me today, he reads books you know, it's Chris Joel! I'm fading fast! Everybody's favourite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan! Well, I've brought a tanker of clotted cream, but the pump's broke. The bounciest man on the Internet, Matt Gray! 'Ello YouTube! Bloody 'ell. In front of me I've got an article from Wikipedia and these folks can't see it. Every fact they get right is a point, and a ding [DING]. And there's a prize for particularly good answers, which is... And today we are talking about Victor Lustig. On French 'Top Gear', how do they announce the Stig's won? Victor Le Stig! Ayy! Can I get a vote from the gentlemen here? Is that a 'golf clap' or is that a 'biscuits'? --That's not a biscuit. --It's not a biscuit. It's not a biscuit. It's really not a biscuit. Oh, I'll take that, that's fine. Aww! I was kind of hoping that it was some lusty gentleman. Victor Lust-ig! Oohrg! Lusty isn't right, but he certainly had the interesting life. Vivacious was he? Sorry, are you telling me someone called Victor Lustig, had an 'interesting life'? Yeah. I think with a name like that, doesn't it come with the card? Oh, he had many types of cards printed up for him. for many sorts of dealings. Was he a spy? Ooh, no. More towards the dark end of those arts. Was he a spy at night? --No --With Patrick Moore? Impersonator? Impersonator...is not quite close enough. I need to hear something a little bit more dastardly. Was he a cad and a philanderer? Con man? Con man! [DING] Is exactly the words I wanted to hear. Hence why he'd got the business cards for many identities. Many of the identities, many particular jobs. He was one of the most successful con artists of all time. Hang on a minute! Is this the bloke what sold the Eiffel Tower? [DING] Well he's won! I say, everybody else, go home! He's the bloke who sold the Eiffel Tower, isn't he? Yeah, that's it. Yes. You are missing a key word off the end of that sentence. Multiple times? Twice! [DING] Yes, absolutely right. Victor Lustig is the man who sold the Eiffel Tower twice. Had it worn through the bottom? It had worn all... I'll give you a point. No..Get... --I'm making a cobblers joke here. --Get out! Get out! Sold?... Soled!... Argh! Lift it up one side. Hammer it on... Give it a bit of a buff as well, yeah. I mean what... What kind of grip do you want on the bottom of the Eiffel Tower? You gonna be walking on ice? The thing is, I'm still giving you a point. [DING] 1925, it was disused, run down, probably going to be demolished. It was basically done for, like... It was like the Millennium Dome. It was put up as a temporary thing as part of an exhibition. To show that the French could put a giant penis into the sky or something like that. Which let's face it, is what towers are. They are 'I've got a bigger one that you!' It was a temporary thing then, wasn't it. So everyone expected it would be taken down and used for valuable... I don't know, patisserie space or something like that. Yes. What were they actually... if they took down the Eiffel Tower, what were they selling? Scrap! Blackpool! Get yer Blackpool spares here! Mayor of Blackpool, as I imagine there still is or was, stands up, full regalia. "It has come to my attention, there is a tower larger than the tower we have on the promenade. "It has come on the market. I have secured it at a reasonable price.'' "Doesn't have a ballroom!" "Does not have a ballroom. Or a circus." Which I'm always disappointed, isn't actually at the top. 'cos I thought that would be a great idea. I wanna see an elephant on a beach ball, going round the top of Blackpool Tower. On the glass floor? Yeah, that would be great entertainment, that would be. Or the lift'll open and loads of clowns'll come out. You're absolutely right. They would have sold it for scrap. [DING] How do you go about selling the Eiffel Tower? You approach someone, very quietly, who you know is a) an idiot and b) has a lot of money. And you say... "Thingy Jones was looking at this. I think you'd want this." You're getting a point again, Matt. [DING] Because he invited six scrap metal dealers to the same meeting. And quietly said, "I'm from the French government. Here is the business cards and stationery I've had printed up. "Who would like to buy the Eiffel Tower for scrap?" "You don't want Michel getting this. You can have it. You can make your mint." Michel the scrap dealer. Some bloke from Rotherham turns up with his wagon. "I can ge' it all on for yer. Lowest bid." OK. You tell me a burly French name. Jacques! Ah! It's true. Ah, ****. He put all six of them in a rented limousine. Toured them round and worked out which one was most enthusiastic and gullible. Can anyone guess what the name of the dealer he selected was? And this is not as difficult as you might think. Michel! --Yeah, w... --Jacques? Andre. The last name is just a French word you learn in school. --For a... --Gare! Bonjour? Er, something you might eat with chips. Frites? Moules? Cheval? Cheval?... that's horse. Horse and chips. Mmmm! La plage. What? That's the beach! That's where you eat them. What the hell do you eat with chips? Piscine? That's not the right word! That's a swimming pool! Poisson? Poisson! Have a point. [DING] Andre Poisson. Andre Piscine. "Bonjour, je suis Andrew Swimming-Pool!" You OK there Gary? You've killed him! Oh my God, I wondered why I couldn't get served. "Le piscine! Le piscine, s'il vous plaît!" I'm sorry, France. Andre Poisson. Did indeed... not Andre Piscine. Andre Poisson was absolutely all for it. Someone close to him, nearly killed it off. His wife? [DING] --Yes. Poisson's wife... --Oh right! ..thought something was suspicious. Clever! Clever there. The deal was too quick, the deal was too secret. Well I imagine the big thing that probably attracted her attention: there wasn't a 'For Sale' sign on the side of the Eiffel Tower. Yes. It wasn't in the news... So how do you deal with that? How does a con artist deal with nearly being rumbled? By conning her. Did he woo her? What? Like a ghost? Woo-oo-oo! Sorry. I dunno? "I am ze ghost of Monsieur Eiffel, and I want you to buy my tower!" Did he tier her to the top? --And get a big... --And twirl his moustache! And run a train up the side of the Eiffel tower. Have an airship approach very slowly. --No? --No... no. Paid her? He confessed. With an entirely fake confession saying he was a government minister trying to to this on the cheap and get a bribe. Ohhh! What did that mean that Lustig got? Er? A smaller cut? Quite the opposite. A bigger cut? Have a point [DING] He got... he got the money... "What colour is a red fire engine?" Lustig got the money for the Eiffel Tower and the bribe. Ah! Good work, sir! Took a train to Vienna, with a suitcase full of cash. Ohh! That's the way to do it. None of your cheques here. Inter-war France: how else are you going to do that? You're gonna have a suitcase full of cash. And you are going to be able to get out of town without anyone spotting you. Which is, of course, the least suspicious way of paying anyone, is to hand over a briefcase full of millions of francs, while he goes "well thank you very much. I'll just get on this immediately waiting train next to me, in first class..." --"Here's the keys." --"Here's the keys to the..." "To my garage!" "Tow-er! 'Cos towers need keys. You must remember that." Yes. "And, erm, the plans are inside. Toodles!" Lights cigar with newly minted note. So what happened next? Well I imagine he turned up with his gas cutter, started sawing away the bottom leg and someone ticked him off? Er, no! No. Did he check with the government? Erm... Does he sound like the kind of guy who would do a lot of due diligence at this point? After he had already bought it, having not done any due diligence. --Suddenly... --Now's the time! Well, what would you do if you've been conned into giving someone an enormous amount of money? I would...not...admit it? Point! [DING] Nothing happened. Poisson was too humiliated, he did not go to the police. It's like going round saying, "I'm a ****ing idiot!" Yeah. "Well, this apparently credulous man came to me, said he wanted me to buy this major national structure "for a ludicrously low sum." "Said 'Don't ask any questions'..." --"Told me to not ask any questions, so I didn't!" --"I just didn't!" "And I gave him a bribe as well!" "Oh! I threw him a bung. And he got on a train. And he could be anywhere now! "You must do something about this!" So where was Lustig a month later? Was he still in Paris? Selling it again? You can both have a point. [DING][DING]. You're absolutely right. He had six more scrap dealers, in a conference room, in Paris. Pulling the exact same con a second time. He didn't go for the hat trick did he? No he didn't. He wasn't able to. --He got nicked? --He got caught? Not quite. He managed to evade arrest. But one of the scrap dealers found him and bray'd his knees in? --One of the scrap dealers... --One of them knows the other one. No. I'll give Chris the point [DING]. One of the scrap dealers went to the police with the counterfeit contract and worked out what had happened. Managed to skip the town and evade arrest again. Mmm. Yep. Which is the story of the man who sold the Eiffel Tower twice. But there are a whole load of other cons in here that he did. What was his money printing machine? A machine that printed money. Wrong. A person? No. I mean, it's a machine. That didn't print money. --Have a point. [DING] --It printed bad fakes, and he sold that to other people who wanted to run the con. Yeah, absolutely right. Have another point [DING] --Hey! --for that one. That's absolutely right. So he probably had a machine that spat out actual notes, sold you the machine and it just did photocopies, or something. It was a box. And how long did the box take to print a $100 note? As long as it takes for a man to slide a $100 bill through from the other side. --You're... --Some sort of Turing test. As long as it takes to leave the town. I was going to say, as long as it takes to take the train to Vienna. Again. You're going to get. He was actually on a boat at this point. So he [DING] was... He was plying the transatlantic ferries. So as they were sort-of coming into New York, he would confess to someone, oh, he had this money printing machine. And it printed a $100 bill but it took about six hours to do it. How? How can any machine take six hours to print something... Because it was ages ago. Really intricate, really intricate. It's got to do everything. And slowly, over six hours, a $100 bill comes out of this machine. And another one starts to come out. And he says, "It takes so long. You know, I'm looking to sell it." It's just the two actual $100 bills, isn't it? Yes. It's spitting out two $100 dollar bills, then a load of blank paper, by the time he's left. Oh for god's sake. People! "Oh, it's run out of ink. I'll sell you some of that." Was his surname Hewlett-Packard, by any chance? What? Printing the ink out? Yeah. I'll flog you the ink for a ridiculously large fee. There was also the black dollar scam. Or the money wash scam. Does anyone know how that works? Is that like invisible ink? Quite the opposite. Is it like visible ink? I keep giving points for really obvious things here. Was it invisible, this? Yes, Matt, have a point(!) [DING] I'm loving this binary points thing here. Yeah. He just drew another Eiffel Tower on something and tried to sell that to someone. Oh, was he trying to give you notes that had been spoiled in the mint or something? That's it [DING]. It's a trunk full of completely painted over money. Completely dyed money. Yeah. With the idea that they will sell you this, and the chemicals to clean it, for a fraction of its cost. And they will demonstrate it on the few $100 notes, that they've already... to a batch they've done in those chemicals. -- And it will work. -- And the rest is... And the rest, you're absolutely right, have a point. [DING] The rest of it is just completely... paper. Or they need more funds for more of the chemical fluid, which is quite expensive. Yes. Once again like, printing. Place I used to work, a while back, someone tried... not something similar, like a con. They lived abroad and wanted to pay for some services. So she sent us a photocopy of two £5 notes. As if that would pay for it. That's... Is that a scam? Or is that just... Just like, if you could do that... You wouldn't need money, would you? You would need a fiver. I felt like sending her back a photocopy, or a drawing of 20p change. Yes, he was also part of a counterfeiting ring, just printed fake money which is a heck of a lot easier in the 1930s. He was arrested in 1935 by federal agents. Who gave him away? After all this operational security. After all this... --His wife! --I was gonna say his wife. His mistress. [DING] Arrghhh! Yes, he had similar dealings with romance as he did with business. He was carrying on with multiple women and one of them got jealous and gave him away. Was it the Statue of Liberty? Yes, promptly arrested. They opened his suitcase, they found...? Money! No, just some expensive clothing. And a key. Key took them to a locker. They opened the locker. What was in the locker? --Money! --Narnia! Mr Tumnus... with money! A fake Mr. Tumnus. But if you wash him, he's actually just two $100 bills in a box. No, you are absolutely right, counterfeit money. [DING] $51,000 worth of counterfeit money, which was more than enough to convict him. Well that's because you wouldn't get a $51,000 bill, for a start. Just a single note! "5, 1, 0, 0, 0..." "I'll sell you this for 50 grand, mate!" Only he would have notes that were dry wipe. Arrested. Taken to trial, pled guilty. What happened the day before his trial though? He ran away? --Yes! He managed to escape. --I was gonna say... Have a point [DING] It turned out his guilty plea...was a fake. They washed it. It said "Not guilty. I'm on the train to Vienna... "Again!" And they said the man in court was actually some cardboard cut out of him. That just flops forward at the end. "How did he do this?!" He managed to escape the Federal House of Detention. --Which is either a prison or some real... --Brothel. Yeah, really good night club, I was going for. Or a very strict school. And he skipped...he skipped town. He took a train, presumably, to Pittsburgh. And they caught him. Nearly four weeks later. But! Yeah sadly, it ends with him in Alcatraz, catching pneumonia. --But what... --Oh! --Wasn't really pneumonia. --Which he tried to sell to the other inmates. What was listed on his death certificate as his occupation? Was it just the dollar sign? Git! Banker? You know what, I'm going to give you the point. It was apprentice salesman. Yes. [DING] That's pretty much it. Alternative gag: estate agent. Accurate. So congratulations, at the end of that, Matt, you win this week's show. Yay! Congratulations, you win a Formula One champion's steel water boiler. It's Sebastian Vettel's metal kettle. Good. I need a brew. With that, we say thank you to Chris Joel. Gary Brannan. Matt Gray I've been Tom Scott and we'll see you next time. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
The Voyager 1 space probe is the furthest man-made object from Earth, and the fastest. But right now, it is moving towards us. Relatively speaking. This is the control room for NASA’s Deep Space Network and the scientists here still listen for the signals that Voyager is sending. Deep Space Network is a collection of antennas around the world that we use for tracking deep space missions. We provide commands to the spacecraft, so y’know, “turn left at the next corner” kinds of things, right? Little more complicated than that. Turn the instrument on, turn the instrument off, software updates. The most important reason for sending the thing out there is to get the science data back, and so the instruments are taking visible pictures, infrared pictures, measuring particles in the case of Voyager. We need to get that data back down and distribute it to the scientists. The Deep Space Network’s three stations cover the whole sky. Any mission more than 30,000 km away from Earth is visible to at least one station all the time. Geostationary orbit, where we keep most of our communication satellites, is further away than that. We really have three complexes around the world: Madrid in Spain, Goldstone here in California, and the Canberra complex in Australia. We typically don’t track things that go over the pole because the types of missions that we deal with are in deep space and tend to be in the ecliptic. If you look at the solar system, where the Sun is, and where the planets are that are revolving around the sun, they all tend to be more or less in one plane. That launch along the plane of the solar system, along the ecliptic, is the reason that Voyager is getting closer to Earth right now. Yes, Voyager is always moving away from the sun, but sometimes the Earth’s orbit means that our planet is travelling in roughly the same direction only faster. So we’re catching up. Of course, we’ll get pulled back in our elliptical orbit so it’ll even out when we go back the other way. In terms of checking in with spacecraft, I think with Voyager for example, we probably downlink from them almost every day. Because again, there’s a lot of good data, but when you are only coming at 160 bits per second, it takes a long time to get that data off the spacecraft. The signal has to be, in some sense, above the noise level for us to see it. You first of all just try to filter the noise out as much as possible, just from a frequency standpoint. My signal occupies this much spectrum in frequency, I don’t want to let in any more noise than what’s there. I want to correlate the signal that’s coming down with what I think that signal looks like. You got to take advantage of what you know about the signal and use those characteristics as best you can to extract it from the noise. Voyager 1 is carrying radioisotope thermoelectric generators, RTGs. It’s powered by radioactive decay. And there’s enough power there to last until around 2025. After that, the craft will go dark, carrying a message forward into interstellar space for… well, we don’t know where, or when, or even who. If there was enough light being bounced off of it, you might be able to see it with a telescope, but it’s so far away, and so dim, without a radio signal coming from Voyager at all, there’s no way that we, the DSN, would be tracking it. And so I think that’s pretty much the end, once it goes dark. Thank you very much to all the team at NASA, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and here at the Deep Space Network. Pull down the description for more about them, and about their missions.
The shortest route between Russia and the United States is over the north pole. So if the Cold War had ever become Hot, the bombs would have been going straight over here. This is Tuktoyaktuk, on the Arctic Ocean, in the Canadian Northwest Territories. And that behind me with the domes was once the military's DEW Line: the Distant Early Warning Line. Or at least, part of it. The DEW Line was built in the 1950s: 57 radar bases ranging all the way from the Aleutian Islands to Greenland. They looked to the sky around the clock, and if any aircraft showed up on radar that weren't supposed to be there: well, there was a chance that those were Soviet bombers carrying nuclear weapons to North American targets, and the governments would have somewhere between an hour and four hours to scramble some sort of response. Construction of the DEW Line was an enormous operation. Thousands and thousands of people had to be transported to the Arctic, provided with food and housing and the hundreds of thousands of tons of equipment and supplies that they'd need to build the Line. But the military is good at logistics, or at least, the vast number of civilian contractors they hired were. All the bases were completed in just two and a half years, and North America was prepared for Soviet attack, at the cost of around half a billion dollars from the two governments. There were other costs too, less financial: for a lot of the folks that lived near the DEW Line sites, the sudden influx of people and equipment destroyed their way of life; although that's a story that I am not qualified to tell. The construction also contaminated a lot of the local environment: standards then weren't what they are now, and the cleanup is still going on. And for all that, the DEW Line lasted about five years until it was obsolete. Because shortly after it was completed, both the Soviet Union and the United States started to put their nuclear warheads not on aircraft, but on intercontinental ballistic missiles. They didn't eight or nine hours of flight over the pole, instead the first wave of attack would come from rockets that would take half an hour and go literally over the top of the DEW Line. Half of these stations were shut down a few years later. The rest of the Line, including this station here, well, they played a role in air defense. If they weren't here, then the Soviet Union could have theoretically still sent bombers over the pole. But they weren't the shield that North America hoped that they would be. US President Eisenhower, in his memoirs, said that military technology... well, "if it works, it's obsolete". The DEW Line kept running, though, at least until the 90s, when a more modern system was constructed. Now, this site is part of the North Warning System, part of a modern radar defence around the whole continent that can detect basically anything inbound at any altitude. Which is why I'm not allowed near it. Governments on this side of the pole want to be sure: the Cold War might be over, but just in case, they'd better keep watching.
Down below me are the forests of British Columbia, BC for short. They're home to people - a few, anyway - wildlife, and basically every alien planet that Stargate SG-1 ever went to. Now I don't want to be too simplistic here, but forests are made of wood. And wood is flammable. Very flammable. Just over that ridge is the site of the Elaho wildfire, which in 2015 burned an area the size of Manhattan over 10 weeks. And that was just a small one. In 2017, 19 wildfires combined together to burn an area 130km end-to-end. - Since about 2003, we have been having continuously record-breaking temperatures, record-breaking droughts, and record-breaking fire seasons. The fires that we have observed in the last decade are large, aggressive fires that are very difficult to control. Often, when we see fires, we look at them and think they're destructive, but in truth, many fires do more good than harm. We see, in our northern forests, trees are actually adapted to release their seeds and to grow back after a major fire, which burns from tree top to tree top and kills those trees, creating large openings. In our drier ecosystems, they're kind of a lower intensity surface fire that cleanses the forest, takes away the dead grasses, the branches that have accumulated down on the ground, but leaves the big trees that are resistant to that fire and create a very healthy ecosystem that is dependent on fire. - Now, I grew up in England, where there's not much woodland left and what there is is carefully managed and controlled. So to me, the idea that fire could be a good thing is counterintuitive. And don't get me wrong, playing with matches in a forest is still a very bad idea. But it turns out that having a professional set a precise fire at a precise time and place could actually be a good idea. - In absence of fires, the fuels have built up in the forests and now, when we have fires, they're even more intense than they were in the past. Historically, we know that fires, in parts of the province, especially in the dry forests of British Columbia, were really frequent. So these are fires that would burn through the understory of the forest and in those forests, we have thick-barked trees that are adapted to fire. So they resist the fire and they survive. Each of these marks down at the bottom that you can see is a fire scar embedded in the tree rings and it is showing the history of fire in this particular environment. There are enough fire scars embedded in the tree rings that it burned 42 times over its lifetime. Up until 2010, our policy in BC was 100% fire suppression. So we would try to detect and suppress fires as quickly as possible. As of 2012, we changed to allow managed wildfires on the landscape, allowing some fires in remote areas where it doesn't put human lives or values at risk. Those managed fires are trying to get the ecosystem to function as it did historically. So if we go into those areas that have dense forests right up to our backyards and if we assess those forests and remove some of the trees, in particular, the small trees in the understory, and then come in and use a prescribed burn to clean up all the small fuels on the ground and stimulate all those fire-adapted plants in the understory, we can not only reduce the risk of fire damaging our communities, but we can restore our ecosystems and improve ecosystem health. - My pilot today has been Bradley Friesen, along with-- - Mr. Bentley, the dog. - Co-pilot back there. And you're starting a channel soon called? - Destruction by Gravity. - That's gonna be a fun one. There's not much there yet, but check it out. I think there's gonna be some fun stuff. Thank you to you, thank you also to Dr. Lori Daniels at UBC. - A lot of fun, I liked it.
I'm at the summit of Mount Evans in Colorado, USA. It is one of the Colorado Fourteeners, meaning I'm more than 14,000 feet above sea level. As Americans measure it. For the rest of the world, that is 4.3 kilometres above sea level, or about half way to an airplane's cruising altitude. And the air up here is thin: I'm only getting about 60% of the oxygen that I normally do each time I breathe in. And let me tell you, this was a difficult climb. At least, the last bit of it was. Because this is also the most American mountain, becacuse there is a road to the top of it. The highest paved road in North America. And this summit here counts as the 41st highest mountain in North America. But how do we count that? Just over there, the wonderfully named Meyer-Womble Observatory is on another, slightly lower summit. But it's surrounded by lower ground: why doesn't that count as the 42nd highest? And you might say, well, the answer's obvious, it's part of the same mountain. But where does that end? This summit, Mount Evans, is just a smaller part of a big mountain range, so you could try and make the case that this is just a bump on the way to the tallest peak in the Rockies, Mount Elbert. Or you could take it to the extreme and say that there's only one mountain on each land mass, that every other peak in North America is just a small bump on the way to the enormous continent-sized mountain called Denali. Now that's ridiculous, most people would say. It's obvious. That's a mountain. And that isn't. But in formal terms, we solve it by measuring prominence. Prominence works like this: imagine if you could raise sea level up to where I'm sitting now. How many meters would it have to drop before you could connect this mountain to another, taller one and walk there without getting your feet wet? For Mount Evans, that is 839m down, or about one-fifth of its height above sea level. That observatory summit? It's not prominent. Sure, you have to walk downhill from it, but after a few meters you're going uphill again. So where do you draw the line? Well, there are several different lines, because of course there are. The International Climbing and Mountaineering Federation defines a mountain as needing 300m of prominence, which is actually only the height of the Eiffel Tower, which... doesn't seem like much to me? Other folks disagree, and say it should be 500m, or that prominence should change with altitude... it's a mess. I'll be honest, even after researching this, I'm not sure about it. Even the folks I asked to check my script went, "eh, well, I guess, basically, but technically..." This is one of those times that the human need to categorise and catalogue everything runs up against messy reality. There are always edge cases, and pretty much every mountain is an edge case. I'm going to go back down now before I get altitude sickness(!)
If you ask Google, then the largest clock in the world is the one atop the Mecca Clock Tower, one of the largest buildings in the world, in Saudi Arabia. Each face is 43 metres in diameter, and it can be seen for miles around. No. This is the actual largest clock in the world right now, at the Rheinturm, in Düsseldorf, Germany. I know what you're thinking, that's not a clock, that's a broadcast tower. In fact, there's a tower a bit like this in most major cities in Germany. It's kind of their thing. The view from the top is wonderful. But it's also an enormous clock... it's just a digital one. You see those lights on the side? Read them from top to bottom, each group as a number. 1, 7, 3, 2. 17 32. There's some seconds there on the bottom as well, but it's about half past five. And at more than a hundred metres high, that is a clock about twice the height than the one at Mecca, although admittedly it has a bit less surface area. But that brings me to a question: what counts as a clock? If you ask the Guinness Book of Records, the largest clock was a temporary structure. It had an area of more than eight square kilometres, and it was made with lasers at the 2011 Burning Man festival. That is so much bigger than this tower. But what if I took lights like the ones on the side of here, sent them round the world, so America had the hours, Europe and the Middle East had the minutes and Asia had the seconds, if I hooked them up so they all flashed together and acted as one big device... would that count? Could we, with a fairly small amount of effort, make a clock as big as the earth? And if so, would it count? Or does a clock need to be something that one person can just look at and actually use to tell the time? [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is the Roe River. And if you believe the hype, it is the shortest river in the world. And through the miracle of modern technology, the waterproof camera on this stick, I can show you the full length of it. All the way from the source, a crystal-clear spring in Giant Springs State Park, Montana, flowing down 61 metres until it joins the much, much, much larger Missouri River flowing to the ocean. Yeah, the river's just there. And it really is crystal clear: while I was setting up, someone came along with some bottles and filled them up for drinking water. I was off in Vidcon in Los Angeles last week as I record this, and I was having dinner with a few folks who make educational videos when I mentioned that I was coming here to talk about 'the shortest river'. And if I'm honest, the conversation didn't go well. They kept raising different objections, and seemed to get angry just at the concept. So eventually I looked up the dictionary definition of 'river' in the Oxford English Dictionary: "A large natural stream of water flowing in a channel "to the sea, a lake, or another, usually larger, stream of the same kind." First objection: this is man-made. True, the course of this was refined by people, but... ...so was the Los Angeles River and that's still a river despite a lot of people thinking it's just an overgrown storm drain. Although to be fair, the Roe River here didn't even have a name until the 80s when some students surveyed it and campaigned for it to be named the shortest river. The Guinness Book of Records did eventually agree, at least for a while. Okay, said the folks I was talking to, but how do you know it's the shortest? That is a fair point. There have been long-documented arguments about whether this river is even the shortest in the United States... ...and there are international claims too, like this short channel between two lakes near Jyväskylä in Finland. And I was really skeptical before I got here, but yeah, now I'm standing by it, I genuinely think this is the shortest river in the world. It is a large, natural channel flowing in one direction to a lake. Fits all the dictionary definitions, unless you want to argue that it's not large enough, but frankly if it's large enough to drown in, I think it should count. You could try adding more specifics. Forget arguing about whether this is natural: how about saying that a river starts at a source, flows somewhere in a consistent direction, and ends at a much bigger bit of water? That seemed like a great definition to me, until someone pointed out that that would include waterslides. Every time we tried to nail down a definition, it slipped away. I'll be honest, I'm not really here to show you The World's Shortest River, because I can't. Because there will always be quibbles about definitions. All the categories that we try to put the natural world into, to fit everything into maps and databases, all those categories have to be fuzzy. Mapmakers have known for years that, as with so many things in the real world, "is it a river" is not always a question that can be answered with a binary 'yes' or 'no'. There is almost always an exception to the rule. The 'river' is whatever humans agree it is. The exact definition probably differs between languages and cultures anyway. And in the end, the Guinness Book of Records decided not to have a listing for shortest river.
"Eye of newt, toe of frog, wool of bat, and tongue of dog." Those are four of the ingredients used by the witches in Shakespeare's ... Scottish play. See, the thing is, I am currently very much on the stage, on a set, here at the Warner Brothers Studio tour. This is the potions classroom from Harry Potter. and well, it's considered extremely bad luck to use 'that word', 'that name', on an actual set. It is said that Shakespeare used an actual witches brew and witches suitably angered by that placed a curse on the play, or on him or, if you believe it, on anyone who said that word. and the result is that saying "M...th" here, is considered a very bad idea but did you ever think about that. That doesn't really make sense I mean, not the curse part. That obviously doesn't make sense but the fact that witches would use eye of newt. Witches, the cunning folk, as they were called, the herbalists. They didn't get newts and cut out bits of their eyes and put them in a potion. That doesn't make any sense. Actually, they used herbs and botanicals, and that's what "eye of newt" actually was. "Eye of newt" is just a code word for something much more innocuous. and there are any number of reasons why that might have been. The true reason is lost to history It could have been a code word, designed to keep magic within the... well, the "magic circle". Or it might just have been a dialectal thing, we don't know but what we do know, "eye of newt" was actually just mustard seed, something warm and calming to add to a healing broth, something you might not have known. STUPIFY! EXPELLIARMUS! ...amateurs. I'm currently at the Harry Potter Studios tour and this is most definitely a sound stage, which means it would be very bad luck... for me to say... the ...hi.
Welcome to Calipatria, a desert town near California's Salton Sea. This is the city with the lowest elevation in the western hemisphere, 55 metres below sea level. And here, we've also got a visual demonstration of just what that means: because that white spindly thing is a flagpole, and the American flag up at the top is flying above sea level. If it wasn't for all the mountains and hills between here and the Pacific Ocean, then we'd be wet, but that flag would stay dry. Maybe. We're dry because no rivers drain into this basin. The Salton Sea over there only exists because some engineers screwed up in 1905 and diverted a good bit of the Colorado River in there for a couple of years. That water is steadily getting saltier and more polluted as it slowly evaporates, and California's got to deal with that over the next couple of decades. But how do we know we're 55 metres below sea level? What is sea level? In theory, it is the average height of the sea around the Earth. But there are some problems with that. Problem 1: the Earth isn't a sphere. I mean, it's vaguely a sphere, don't get too excited, Flat-Earthers. It's a bit squashed. The force of its own spin makes it bulge by a few kilometres around the equator. And when you're defining height above sea level in metres, that's a lot. So geographers solved that by defining the Earth as an oblate spheroid. Basically a smooth squashed sphere, just in fairly precise mathematical terms. But then there's problem 2: the Earth isn't one uniform lump of rock. Bits of the mantle are more dense than others, so gravity isn't quite the same everywhere on Earth's surface. Which means there's a bit more water sitting over those bits. And by a bit more, I mean anything up to 80 metres more. These aren't small amounts, that could be the difference between this city being above and below sea level. And to complicate things even more, mountains are big enough that their gravity attracts the ocean, just a little. So during the 20th century, as scientists and Cold War governments started to need a global reference system for spacecraft, and missiles, which were basically the same thing back then, they spent a long time measuring Earth's gravity. The result is the Earth Gravitational Model, megabytes in size, which asks, in purely mathematical terms: if this land wasn't here, but its gravity was, and if there was exactly enough water to fill in the gaps... where would all that water sit? And how far away would it be from that theoretical smooth squashed sphere? The model was finished in 1996. It is available to this day on a web site that seems unchanged since 1996, and it's what your phone and GPS use. There are more recent, more precise models, but they are hundreds of megabytes in size, and everyone's agreed that now we've got a standard, let's not change it and confuse everyone. Also, we'd also have to update for sea level rise, whether it's best-case centimetres or worst-case metres. So saying we're "55 metres below sea level" is mostly just symbolic. But so are many things in the world, and I'd like to think we still put some trust in them.
This is Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. The longest place name in the UK And it took me two weeks to learn that And that's what word nerds do; we learn long words because it's interesting, we learn that okay, the longest word, technically, in the English language is about 100,000 characters long. But it's the name of a compound, so it doesn't really count We learn that the longest word in any major dictionary is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis. But that doesn't really count because it's technical So then, we learn that the longest non-technical word in any major dictionary is floccinaucinihilipilification. But that doesn't really count because it was coined because it was intended to be a long word it means "being meaningless", which is kind of ironic. Deliberately So, then we learn that the longest non-technical non-coined word in the English language is antidisestablishmentarianism. But that doesn't really come up in everyday speech Language doesn't generally support, at least, the English language doesn't generally support, long words. Because they're inconvenient, because they're unwieldy, because they slow everyone down. We shortened "internet" to "net", for crying out loud, because three syllables was too much. This isn't a real place name this isn't what anyone calls this place it was a publicity stunt from Victorian times Even years later, here I am reciting that name to you because it's now a tourist destination. Long words are there because they're interesting, not because anyone actually uses them in speech. Longest word I use: internationalisation, which is a term in technology. That is an unhelpful 20 characters long and that's long enough that it gets abbreviated to i18n when it gets written down. Not really impressive, not difficult to say, not something you need to memorise. But that's how language works If it's inconvenient, we shorten it This could never have arisen by anything other than a publicity stunt. Something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Perpetual motion machines are badly named. A true perpetual motion machine doesn’t just keep spinning forever: if you were to set an object spinning out in intergalactic space, in some ideal true vacuum, it would keep spinning forever. You just wouldn’t be able to get any useful work out of it. If someone actually built a perpetual motion machine, a true one, it would give out more energy than is put in: enough to overcome friction, enough to overcome air resistance, enough to keep going until mechanical failure. And like a wind turbine, it’d let you take some of that extra energy for your own use. There are, obviously, some physics objections to this. The laws of thermodynamics always hold true. This here is a device made by Thomas Young in 1807. It is the original, two centuries old from the archives of the Royal Institution in London, which is why I have to wear gloves to touch it. It’s an unbalanced wheel, and there have been many perpetual motion machines like it. There was a giant one in Los Angeles in the early 20th century, advertising a café: and according to Popular Mechanics, it kept going until there was a city-wide power cut. And there was an inventor in 1829 who was sure that a carriage with conical wheels would roll around the world “‘till time shall be no more”. They all work on the same principle: cheat the centre of gravity so it’s always on one side, constantly unbalanced in the same direction. In this case, if you draw a line down the middle, there are more ball bearings on one side, so that side should be heavier, and when one gets near the top... ...it rolls over, so that side over there is constantly being pushed down. This doesn’t work, obviously. And that’s why Thomas Young built this machine: to demonstrate that it’s impossible. There may be more ball bearings on that side, but the ones on this side are further away from the centre. No matter how much you complicate it, this wheel will just rock back and forth and eventually settle where the centre of gravity is lowest, or where friction stops it. But imagine if perpetual motion machines did work. Which isn’t difficult to imagine, apparently: there are all sorts of snake-oil companies who successfully sucker investors into giving up surprising amounts of money, and then never produce any actual proof of a working prototype. There have been so many attempts that both the US patent office and the UK "pay-tent" office refuse to even entertain the idea of perpetual motion machines. Now, you can argue physics and thermodynamics all you want, but there’s a more common-sense argument against perpetual motion machines, against the idea of free energy. Because regardless of how it’s powered, whether it’s an unbalanced wheel or something else, if you have a magic box that can give out more energy than it takes in: what happens if you use a small one to power a bigger one, and so on, and so on, and so on? You could start with something the size of a grain of sand, and rotate the Earth with it. Or what happens if you plug it into itself? If you have something that multiplies the energy you put in... then after a few seconds, you’ve got a bomb. Thank you very much to the Royal Institution! Over on their channel I’m debunking three other types of perpetual motion machines along with someone from their team. Go check it out!
Cape Reinga, at the very northern tip of New Zealand's North Island, is one of the few places in the world where you can watch two oceans collide. So say the guidebooks, anyway. The truth is a little more complicated. First of all, you can find photos online like this. I took that from a kayak in Svalbard, up in the Arctic. Two very different coloured waters separated by a bit of foam. People online claim that photos like it show one of the few places in the world where two oceans meet but don't mix, but no. That's just where a river is washing fresh water filled with sediment out into the sea. The truth of where two oceans meet is just not that dramatic. Here, at least, you can see the waves from the Tasman Sea coming in from the west and clashing with the Pacific Ocean waves from the east. Right? No. Ocean currents and waves have many causes: the weather, water temperature, water salinity -- how much salt’s in there. And they’re three-dimensional. Now, with all the complicated geography and wind here at the very tip of the country: of course it’s chaotic down there, it's turbulent, of course you have different sets of waves meeting, but those are local effects. As soon as you get away from land, the water here will become part of the massive system that's defined by global weather and ocean currents. And those ocean currents are measured in sverdrup. One sverdrup is a million cubic metres of water, moving at a metre per second, and the largest currents measure more than a hundred sverdrup. Those are amounts that make no sense on any human scale. While there are often currents here that might contribute to that particular weird wave pattern... this is just one very, very small bit of the ocean with waves that look messy on a human scale because of the land nearby. And despite what the guidebooks say, this isn't even where the Tasman Sea ends and the Pacific begins. Not according to the maps. The official limits of oceans and seas are defined by the International Hydrographic Organisation, and those standards are arbitrary lines designed to make sure that everyone can agree on what’s where, so that weather warnings and marine charts describe the same areas no matter who's producing them. Those lines are nothing to do with the position of any ocean currents. And according to those standards, the Tasman Sea meets the Pacific at North Cape, a closed nature reserve about two kilometres that way. This is just a windy bit of rock with a lighthouse and a road. That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t come here, though. Cape Reinga is beautiful, it’s part of the local mythology, and it’s worth the trip. But when they say it’s where two oceans collide… that just isn’t quite true.
This is the St George Wharf Tower- the enormous residential block, that is nearly completed -- in Vauxhall. Now, the start of 2013 a helicopter crashed into the crane, that was building this... building. And, well... It was the first fatal helicopter crash in London, since records began. But the reason those are so rare, is because there is a massive safety precaution in London: Helicopters must follow the river. And there are two reasons for that: One, is that the London City Airport flight path ends at London City Airport, about 8 miles that way. In fact, you can see a plane coming in now. That way air traffic control now that over the river there might be helicopters, but without special permission: without a police helicopter, an air ambulance, or someone who's filed a filming permit months in advance there... Okay, it is windy up here, and that is a long way town. Without special permission, air traffic control know that there won't be helicopters in the way of the planes. But the second reason is more important, and that is: if a helicopter suffers an engine failure , most pilots-- most qualified pilots-- will be able to put the helicopter down safely, because helicopters can do something called "autorotation"-- they can powered by the air going through the blades as they fall-- and make a safe landing. But where's a safe landing spot in a city this big? You're probably going to hit a building or a person, no matter where you come down, unless you are flying over the river and following its path, in which case, if your engine suddenly fails you're going to be fine. A bit wet, but fine, unless of course, someone puts an enormous building in the way and it's foggy. And that is something you've might not have known! And I'm getting down from here now. Seriously, that's a really long way down! [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!] Subtitles by: MM
In 2014, some British YouTube stars were called out by the British advertising regulators for not properly declaring sponsored content. They mentioned the sponsorship in the description, they said "thanks to the company for making this possible" at the end: it wasn't like they were trying to hide it, but it wasn't enough. It had to be clear before you clicked on the video, that it was an advert. In a world so saturated with advertising: why was that a problem? Well, British media has some of the strongest product placement laws in the world. Most of the rest of the planet, though? They don't really care. And the reason, as with so many things, goes back to history. Back in the first years of television, all Britain had was the BBC from Alexandra Palace. Paid for not by advertising, but by a yearly tax on anyone who owned a television. And that's still true. So advertising wasn't, and isn't, allowed on the BBC. In the United States, though, they had commercial television right from the start -- and a -- whaa! -- a show's host would regularly interrupt their patter to give a personal endorsement down the camera for a better brand of umbrella(!) "Unless you're smoking L&amp;Ms, all you can do is imagine how good they taste." But in the UK, that sort of thing was seen as horribly tacky. When commercial TV launched here, admags, weird half-soap-opera, half-infomercials, existed for a few years, but it just wasn't the British way of doing things, darling(!) So in the 60s, strict rules were laid down: advertising and content must never collide. No product placement, at all. Which led to some things that Americans would find very strange: our version of the Price is Right, for example, couldn't mention brand names. You might win a brand new car, but the announcer would never say what make of car it was. "A 1.3 hatchback!" Teleshopping and infomercials existed, and still do, but they had to be clearly flagged, on screen with a title, saying what they were. Were there dodgy dealings going on behind the scenes? Did some producers get backhanders for making sure that the heroes of their drama used a certain type of computer? Almost certainly. But you wouldn't see, for example, those heroes stopping for lunch at one particular chain restaurant and emphasising how good the food was. "This Subway sandwich? So ono." You know how the American Idol judges all had those big branded cups in front of them? They had to be blurred out when that series was shown over here. Other product placements, like those in movies, or sports broadcasts coming from sponsored arenas, were deemed acceptable, but the regulators generally took a hard line on entertainment made here in Britain. That's what the folks who grew up in Britain are used to. That's what the people making the decisions see as the standard for the country's television. So as you might imagine, our advertising rules in general are a bit more restrictive too. There is a thing called the Advertising Standards Authority who write the Advertising Codes. Now, the codes are technically voluntary, but in practice it's as good as the law. Because few companies want the bad publicity that'll come from breaking it, no TV channels or newspapers will dare to run ads that break the Codes, and ad agencies, the people who make the commercials, don't want to get in trouble either. Because the alternative is the government starts setting the rules instead of the advertising industry itself, and they'll make breaking the Code an actual criminal offence rather than just something that gets your advert pulled. Now, the rules have been relaxed recently. Provided it's flagged up with a tiny symbol at the start of the show, some commercial TV can now include product placements. But for advertisers used to the permissiveness of America, modern-day British TV is still a shock: adverts can't editorially affect the show, and they can't talk about how good the product is. Also, you can't product-place food that's high in sugar, fat or salt, and there's absolutely no product placement at all within children's programs. The Advertising Standards Authority lives in the building behind me, and the Code they write has hundreds of pages of rules governing all sorts of ads. But there are two very important sections for what we're talking about, and given the rules I mentioned earlier, they probably won't surprise you. Number 1: no matter where they are, adverts must be clearly identifiable as adverts. And number 2: you can't advertise unhealthy food to children. So you might see why the regulators got a bit annoyed at vloggers with teen audiences selling cookies in the middle of their regular videos without any warning. Now, to be fair: the regulators hadn't actually produced any help or advice for the industry on this back then, a year and a half ago as I record this. They were caught on the back foot. And the vloggers themselves weren't really expected to know this, it was the ad agency's job -- the client that hired them -- to check that they were compliant. And the agencies either got carried away at what seemed like this new, unregulated world, or they were American and didn't know or care about it. British TV is still seen, at least by people in Britain, as a gold standard. We don't do those horrible product placements. Not on television, anyway. As for YouTube, and the rest of the internet: well, the rules are still being written. All of which is a long-winded way of saying that my videos are open for product placement now, if you're a company: do get in touch! [Translating this video? Add your name here if you'd like credit!]
The mixer tap, brilliant invention, and yet something that seems to have passed Britain by. You'll get Americans coming over here and asking why our taps look like they're from the 1940's. And even here, in my parents' bathroom -- I'm visiting my folks this weekend and they just had a new bathroom put in -- separate hot and cold taps. And there are all sorts of theories about why that might be, generally revolving around 'Well we're British,' and 'Stiff upper lip,' and 'You know we don't need mixer taps. We've never had them.' And well, that's partly true, but it also goes back to how houses in Britain were constructed after World War II. In most old British houses there's a cold water storage tank up in the attic. It's reasonably sized, about 250 liters, and that in turn feeds a hot water storage tank that's for the central heating, and for hot water in the bathroom, and in the kitchen, and so on. But the trouble is that might not be entirely safe drinking water. Because that cold water storage tank, in some houses that weren't properly maintained, might have been open to the elements, or silted up, or covered with iron rust, or, in one particular case you can read about, have a couple of dead rats floating in it. That water might technically not be drinkable. And under the regulations - I looked up the regulations - it is not counted as drinking water. The cold, meanwhile, at least certainly in the kitchen, and sometimes the bathroom, too, the cold water comes straight from the mains. That counts as drinkable. So here's the thing: You have cold, safe, the regulations call it 'wholesome', drinking water, and you have, well, almost certainly safe but not technically, not legally under the regulations, hot water. And never the twain shall meet. If you have a mixer tap, then technically, the unsafe hot water, in the worst case scenario, when there is a backwash valve failure and the mains turns off, that unsafe water could go back, backwash through all the systems, and go out to contaminate the rest of the street or the rest of the water system. That's not legal, therefor no mixer tap. You don't cross the streams. Nowadays, of course, it's a little bit different. This house had its hot water tank ripped out a few months ago. The attic is now just a big empty space again. And, well, there is a very modern, shiny bit of technology downstairs that heats up water on demand. All new built houses go this way. If they've got mixer taps, it'll be absolutely fine. But... I remember being told as a kid 'never drink from the hot water tap.' And that stuck with me. Even now, if there is a mixer tap and I want to drink from it, I will run the cold water for a few seconds just to make sure anything that's unsafe has come out of it. Even now old habits die hard. And sometimes these things just feel a bit safer. [Translating this video? Add your name here if you'd like credit!]
If you drive down a certain stretch of highway in the California desert, you will hear music. It's supposed to sound a little bit like this: [William Tell Overture, by Rossini] but instead, it sounds like this. [William Tell Overture, by Rossini, but badly out of tune] That was the musical road of Lancaster, California. And as you may have heard, it's a little bit out of tune. A lot of money was spent on that road. It was a publicity stunt for a car company who wanted to show off how clever they are. And doing the calculations for something like that isn't really difficult. A musical note is a vibration in the air at a particular frequency. And those vibrations can be made by a violin string or synthesised by a computer or - in this case - made by vehicle tyres hitting grooves in the road. The closer the grooves are, the faster the vibrations, and the higher the note. So take the speed limit, divide by the frequency of the note you want, and that's how often there should be a groove in the road. And if people travel at the wrong speed, well, it shouldn't really matter. It'll just be like slowing down or speeding up any other piece of music: it'll be in the wrong key, but it'll still sound right to most people's ears. It won't sound like that mess. So what went wrong? At this point, I am indebted to David Simmons-Duffin, an assistant professor of physics at Caltech, whose interests include Quantum Field Theories and playing baroque violin. Because he was, as far as I can tell, the very first person to figure out what went wrong: and the problem was probably the English language. Whoever did the calculations said that the grooves should be so far apart. Let's say, four inches for the first note. And they meant there should be a groove every four inches. But whoever gave the instructions to the work crew said that the grooves should be "four inches apart". And that was interpreted as four inches between the end of one groove and the start of the next one. They didn't include the width of the groove itself. But your ears definitely do include it. The highest note on that section of the William Tell Overture should be one octave higher than the lowest. That means the frequency should be doubled, and that the grooves should be half the distance apart. And they are: if you don't include the width of the groove itself. That error means that every note is distorted not by a fraction of its value, like if you're travelling at the wrong speed, but by a constant amount: by the width of the grooves. The higher the note, the greater the effect of that distortion. And the result is the mess that you are about to hear for a second time. And the really strange part? This is the second musical road built in Lancaster, California. The first one, built by the car company, was too close to residents, who complained about the constant noise. And probably this note here. So the city paved over it and rebuilt it... to the exact, same, wrong blueprints. That's a take. That is a take. Right there. And in order to celebrate that take, I am going to put my foot down. This is an SUV. It doesn't, er... it doesn't do that.
I'm in Tromsø in Norway, That is the Tromsø bridge, and the beautiful Arctic Church there. Now, if you've been following my videos from here for the last couple of days, you might have noticed something a bit weird every time I'm under artificial light. And let's be honest: That's most of the time. Because, while it does get light in the middle of the day here, we're in the Arctic Circle, it's winter. The sun doesn't get above the horizon. Mind you, when it does get light, this place is beautiful. Anyway, you might have seen a bit of a weird effect, if I take a slow motion video of that streetlamp, and the ground under it, you'll see what I mean. There's this kind of weird strobing, rolling effect going on. And the reason for that, is something you might not know, the difference between the European and American power grids. See, the European power grid runs at 50 hertz, 50 cycles a second. That means the alternating current in the wires switches direction, a hundred times a second, 50 cycles back and forth, back and forth And that means all these lights, that you can see, pretty much, dim imperceptibly a hundred times a second. Not enough that you can see it with the naked eye, but the camera will pick it up. Now, okay, that's not a major problem if your camera runs at the same rate as the lights The lights run at 50 hertz, British television runs at 50 hertz. But unfortunately, I'm using an iPhone, which is designed in the U.S., for the American power grid. The American power grid chose to run at 60 hertz, 60 cycles a second, so American TV runs at 60, or 30 frames a second. So, the camera is recording at 30 frames a second, the light is pulsing at 50 hertz, those two are out of sync, and so sometimes you get light, and sometimes you get dark. But, why the rolling effect? Well for that, we have to understand the rolling shutter in a camera. Or in any modern camera. Old film cameras don't do this, obviously, they just expose a shot every time a frame goes by. But, no-no, not this. THIS camera, and all modern cameras run, a line at a time, scrolling down the screen. Which means it can take a fraction of a second difference for it to go from the top of the frame, to the bottom And the result is this rolling effect. Some of those lines are recorded when the light is fully on, and some of those lines are recorded when the light is dim. And that's the reason. That's the reason you have this kind of weird, artificial, rolling light problem, when you're filming with an American device in Europe. 'Course the easy way to fix it, would be for Apple just to have a 25 frames a second option, but that would be far, far too difficult for them... And THAT is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Let's say your team has just won a World Cup match. Unlikely if you're English, I know. But let's say you're French, and you've just stormed it against the Swiss and you're feeling patriotic. You open up your phone, you go to your Twitter client. It gives you 140 characters, and the first thing you do is sweep through the keyboard. Sweep through the emoji on your phone, until you find the French flag. And then you hit the button, and it promptly gives you a nice little wavy flag here. The other advantage of the French flag of course, very easy to draw compared to the British one. There we go. But as soon as you do that, just one flag has gone in and your character count goes down to 138, right away. Why does that happen? You've only put one flag in there. And there are much more complicated characters you can put in -- emojis in general, are really long in terms of binary representation. But they only count as one character. Typing in "a" -- one character. Typing in a really complicated "emoji-smiley-face-thing" -- one character. So why is the flag two? Well, the reason for that is down to the Unicode Consortium. They're the people who decide what goes into Unicode, they're the reason you have 250 new emojis just gone in. But they didn't want to put flags in Unicode, because flags change really often. In the last decade, there have been new countries added. There have been countries that have changed from military coup, or civilian uprising and have changed their flag. And Unicode does not want to have to deal with that. So instead, they created something called regional indicator symbols. Oh yeah, I can totally write on a whiteboard. There we go, regional indicator symbols. And what they are, are characters that are simply A through Z with dots around. That's the official representation. And what that button is doing, what that French flag button is doing is it is not typing in a French flag. It's typing in, in reality, behind the scenes, anything that doesn't have a French flag will see... an F and an R FR It's the code for France. You get .fr domain names. That code is what anything that doesn't support that French flag sees. The IPhone does support it. Android in most cases does support it. Modern versions of Windows, I think, still support it. It takes those two characters and goes: "Ah, you mean the French flag." Puts them together, lies to you, shows you just one character. But the character count doesn't lie. 'cause Twitter sees those as two characters because well they are, counts them as two Your rate goes down. So, there you go. Two, characters combined one making the French flag. Simple as that. That is why it takes two characters to do an emoji flag and not one. And if that was vaguely interesting then I've got a much longer video about what counts a character in my Language Files series. And soon there'll be an upload from Computerphile about emojis and their history just here. In the mean time, that's why it's two characters for a flag and that is something you might not have known. This really isn't coming off. Is this not whiteboard paint? This is just a wall. I have just drawn on the wall. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I want to be really clear: the odds of a manhole in a London street suddenly exploding while you're next to it are tiny. This is not something to worry about. And the company that handles the cables under London's streets is spending a lot of money fixing them up. But, yeah, about once or twice a month on average, somewhere in London, a bit of pavement just goes... boomf. But no-one wants to license security camera footage of actual pavement explosions to just someone on YouTube, and no-one wants to be interviewed about it either. So instead, we are going to create our own underground explosion right here with the help of a friendly pyrotechnician. And the easy answer to why London's pavements keep exploding... well, it would be "electrical faults", and that's what the news often blames. As seasons change, the ground is going to get warmer and cooler, it's going to expand and contract, rain and subsidence will move the soil, and over the course of decades that is going to steadily wear out the 36,000km of electrical cables and 100,000 electrical junction boxes that are under London. Most of those were laid decades ago. It's a big city. Things will break. But an electrical fault won't make an explosion. If electricity goes somewhere it shouldn't, then the circuit breakers that control the grid will detect that and shut it off right away. The trouble is that there's a lot of other old stuff under London's streets. Including gas pipes. A steady, slow gas leak in a pipe might not be detected for a while, and in that time the gas can spread a long distance through narrow underground tunnels. So if you've got gas in a tight underground space where it can't expand, thank you, and an electrical spark to set it off... well, that's all we're doing here: under that cover there is a fuel source, not enough room for it to expand, and something to make an electrical spark. That's all you need for an explosion. Fire in the hole. "This looks devastating in slow motion. "The burst of flame, the flying manhole cover, "at 1800 frames per second on a zoom lens it looks like it could do serious damage. "But even this dramatised explosion, made with the help of a pyrotechnician, "this worst-case-scenario... is actually not that bad. "I tried to do the 'cool guys don't look at explosions' shot, "and when you take away all this style..." Fire in the hole. "It'd hurt if you were standing on it, sure, "but like I said, it's not something to be worried about."
I am back in the UK and I have a cold. I've lost my voice, I sound a little bit like Tom Waits. So, it is the 21st century: Why can I not just take a pill and cure this thing? Well, first of all the pills we do have are antibiotics and they don't work against colds. You'll have seen this poster in your doctor's office. You need a vaccination. And well, it's difficult to find a vaccination for the common cold, for the same reason that once you've have one cold your body is not automatically immune against all others. There are hundreds of the buggers and they keep mutating. It's the same reason why you have to have a flu shot every year. Actually that's worse than that, the World Health Organization has to predict, months in advance, which flu strains will be 'popular' this winter. And then ramp up vaccine production accordingly. And they've got natural selection against them too: If they release that vaccine too early, then the viruses that are able to rapidly mutate against it will be successful and will spread instead. The common cold works in a similar way: There are hundreds of strains constantly mutating. And because it doesn't generally kill people, just causes some discomfort, there isn't the millions and millions and millions in research funds going towards getting rid of it. So instead we take pain killers, and anti-inflammatories and decongestants, and we accept that we can win this battle on our own. Even though we cannot win the war. Because the enemy will go away, mutate, and just come back a few months later. And that is something you may not have known. And now I am going to stop talking. Closed captions by MM. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is a teasmade. And it is the most British invention. It's a combination alarm clock and electric kettle, which means it has two settings: alarm, and alarm with tea. And like a lot of clocks that are built into appliances, so, clocks on ovens and microwaves, and old style clock radios, and central heating systems, this clock keeps time by using the frequency of the power grid that it's connected to. Or would be connected to, anyway, obviously I don't have power out here. Power grids on this side of the Atlantic run at a frequency of 50 hertz, fifty cycles a second. Now that 50 hertz frequency might rise or fall by a tiny fraction as supply and demand affect the grid, but over the course of days and weeks the electricity companies guarantee that it'll be averaged out to 50 hertz. So clocks like this, which have to be plugged into the grid anyway, can use that regular 50-cycles-a-second beat to keep themselves accurate. Set this to the correct time, and it'll keep the correct time as long as the power's on. Except. Over the last month, clocks over in Europe have lost six minutes. If they're connected to the Continental European Power System, which is one connected, synchronised grid stretching all the way from Spain to Denmark to Turkey, if that clock is connected to that grid, it's six minutes slow. This was revealed in a press release a few days ago from the European transmission operators' association, who managed to write a press release that sounded vaguely like an angry parent who's getting close to the end of their rope. The problem is politics. Serbia and Kosovo have fallen out with each other. That is an enormous simplification, but if you think I'm going to try and explain the history of the Balkan politics system while holding a teasmade, er, you are sorely mistaken. Kosovo is low on power, Serbia isn't helping manage it, and as a result the entire European grid has been slightly underpowered since the middle of January. Not by much -- but enough that the average grid frequency has dropped from 50 hertz to 49.996. So clocks like this, who are expecting 50... okay, it doesn't sound like much, but it works out to them losing six minutes over the last couple of months. Problem number one is getting the grid back up to frequency, and hopefully politics will solve that. But problem number two is: when it is fixed, should the European authorities bring the grid back to 50? Or should they run it slightly fast for a few weeks? If they do, it'll bring everything back that wasn't manually corrected... but anyone who has already changed their clocks will then find them starting to run six minutes fast. And they'll have to change them again. They're probably going to pick the second option, but who knows? Fortunately for me, I don't have to worry about it. As I'm sure 52% of Britons will be ecstatic to hear, the mainland European grid is not synchronised to the British National Grid here. It is connected, through two undersea cables, one under the English Channel from France, and the other one from the Netherlands, landing right here, on the Isle of Grain, which is near... nowhere. It's... it's absolutely in the middle of nowhere. But these cables are direct current cables, not alternating current. They doesn't require grid synchronisation. So while mainland Europe's grid is slow, our British grid is going at 50 British cycles a second, as Her Majesty intended. ["God Save the Queen" plays] Our... our ovens are turning on at the right time. Our clock radios are remaining on time. Our... our microwaves are showing the correct time! [Music stops] Or they're showing 12:00 because no-one's bothered to program them, but that's not the point, the point is, [Music resumes] the clocks may be going slow all over Europe, but here in Britain, our teasmades are boiling precisely on schedule. God Save the Queen. And god help us all. Good! I think that's a take.
"Four score and seven years ago, "our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation." Lincoln's Gettysburg Address doesn't sound quite right in a British accent, I know. But, I'm on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, and it seems an appropriate thing to recite. Let's have a talk about those first few words, "Four score and seven years ago" It's a weird way of putting "87" isn't it? 'Score' is an archaic term for twenty. Why would a great orator choose that, and why does it sound so resonant? Well, the answer goes back to base 20 counting. Vigesimal. Which is used all over the world to this day. There's some European languages who use it, Welsh, traditionally used it. Although decimals have been slipping in lately. There are African languages, American languages that use it all over. And French used it as well. If you ever learn French you will know that 87, the number that Lincoln is talking about, is "quatre-vingt-sept". Four twenties, and seven. Four score, and seven. It's resonant because it's a holdover from much older language. It was used in the Bible, not because of translations from older languages, but because it sounds authoritative. It sounds like the word of God. At least, in the versions that still use archaic language. Modern translations will tend not to. So you have this old word that is used to bring up an old sense of 'this is how we used to be'. It's used in speeches. It's used in narration. And it was used, of course, by the great Mr. Lincoln. Something, from Washington DC, that you might not have known. If I say I'm an old mate of Bazza's, do you think they'll let me in? No. No, they... No. [Translating these captions? Add your name here if you'd like credit!]
- A lot of folks think that a librarian is just someone who checks books in and out of a library for you, but that's not true. "Librarian" is a highly skilled profession that requires a lot of specialised training. It's about helping people research and access knowledge, in whatever way makes sense. Through the 20th century, that knowledge was held in books and on microfilm tapes stored in central buildings in each town, like this one, as a public good, which is actually almost miraculous when you think about it. The modern public library is a revolutionary, wonderful idea. Knowledge and information should be available to everyone, not just the rich and not just the clever. In the 21st century, that's still true. A lot of that information might be online now and available through our phones, but in-depth research, searching out truth from fiction, shouldn't be just for people who are able to understand complex academic citations and referencing. If you don't know how to look something up, if you don't even know really what you're looking for, if you don't have the words, the librarian's job is to help you find out. In an ideal world that's what librarians would be doing, not pushing a cart and moving books around by hand. That's why here at Oodi, the new Helsinki Central Library, those books are being moved by a robot. - This Oodi building was built last year, so it's a pretty new building and that's why we have a lot of new technology and new services in here. It has been said that it's like a living room for citizens. So, for example, in the first floor, we have a movie theatre. Then, in the second floor, we have things to do. For example, 3D printers and laser cutters and music studios, and even a kitchen. You can play computer games. We have VR classes there, and gaming computers. Oodi isn't that traditional library, so in the third floor, where we have our books, it's not that silent space. People can talk there freely. And so, we have a few classrooms for silent reading. In normal big libraries, there's usually some kind of returning machine that sorts the books to the right places. We have also that here. The customers can return books from the first floor, and they will come, using the conveyor, to this basement and they will be sorted by genre and language. That's pretty basic stuff, but we are in progress of further automating it. So, we have a couple of robotic arms, and then we have three mobile robots. Those mobile robots will pick up these boxes and they will be transferred by them to the third floor, where staff can shelve the books. Small part of books will be shelved by our robotic arm that will the put the books in shelves. And when the shelf is full, it will be transferred by those mobile robots. Then we have some plans to use mobile robots in nights to scan the books with RFID antennas, so we know if there's any books in wrong places. Those mobile robots that we are using are planned so that they can avoid collisions with people. If someone gets in front of our robot it will calculate new routes and find another way to get to the right position. At least at this point, there hasn't been any accidents or things like that, so the robots and humans have been getting together very well. And people are quite curious about them and why we have them here, and what they can do. - This library gets a lot of press for its robots. There was even a design prototype with googly eyes that guided people to the shelf they wanted. But most people can read a map or follow directions. The real job of the robots here is the same as robots everywhere: automation. Don't waste the librarians' time with tasks that a computer can now do. If you think public libraries are just about collections of books then, yeah, of course they seem outdated. Public libraries in the 21st century can be where you go to borrow a book, that's not going to stop, but libraries were never just about books. They're about information. Free at the point of use, no price tag. They're about collaboration and communication. And about making sure that everyone can find truth. Most libraries don't have robots, but every library does have librarians. And they're what's important. Thanks so much to all the team at Oodi for showing me around. Find out more about them by clicking the link in the description.
If you're on hold to a company, and they're playing music down the phone at you, the chances are it sounds terrible, and sometimes it just dissolves into static. Telephone signals are not designed to carry music, and to explain why, we have to start way, way back with old telephone equipment like this. Early telephone calls were put through by a human operator who would be literally connecting the two phone wires into one circuit at a big board of switches. Or a "switchboard". Any sound at one end, whether it's speech, music, whatever, would be converted to an electrical signal, sent down the wire, and converted back at the other end. You send music, you receive music -- although it'd be limited by the abilities of the tiny microphone and speaker. But telephone exchanges like this only work for small numbers of connections. Because, you know, you can't do this for every call. [PHONE RINGS] Phone companies quickly realised that they could save on setting up thousands of wires between exchanges miles apart if they were able to put several conversations down one wire at the same time. So rather than transmit every frequency of sound in the original signal, they would cut off the high and low frequencies, the ones we don't absolutely need to understand speech, and then they would shift each call into a different frequency band. At at the other end, like tuning in a radio, they would shift each call back to the right frequencies so you could hear it. I mean, the quality wasn't great, but it was good enough. And hey, we got cheap long distance calling. We got used to that phone-quality sound. [EXCHANGE CLICKS] And it became the standard. So already [PHONE RINGS] music was going to sound a bit dodgy, with all the high and low frequencies cut off. But while we were still running on analogue circuits [EXCHANGE RESETS] it wasn't going to sound like static. That was the fault of computers. Phone companies realised that they could send even more calls down the same wire, or into the same airspace on a cellular network, if they used computers to compress the audio. And the more they compressed it, the more calls they could fit at the same time, and the cheaper it'd be for them. These days, there is enough power in pretty much everyone's phone to compress 4K video in real time, but back then, not so much. MP3s had only just been invented, and these do not have enough power to compress those. The standards for phone calls, even today, rely on quick-and-dirty compression built decades ago, designed to run on very little computing power, and optimised for speech. That compression is great at encoding one clear voice -- but chuck a load of complicated music at it, with all its instruments [COMPRESSED MUSIC] and it's going to sound bad. But not quite enough to break down into static. There is one last piece of the puzzle. Someone else cutting corners. Because in the worst case, that hold music isn’t just compressed by the phone company on its way to you. It’s already been compressed by a completely different system as your call bounces around a company’s internal phone network. An internal phone network that has probably been built by the lowest bidder. So the phone company takes that already-mangled signal and mangles it in a different way as it travels to you. And in a really badly designed system, maybe there’s an entire third layer of terrible compression from whichever other company runs the call centre that you're actually talking to, off in some other country. [MUSIC RISES] Speech can survive that chain But music... [MUSIC TURNS TO STATIC] ...music can't! Thank you so much to all the team at the Milton Keynes Museum and their Connected Earth gallery, where pretty much all this telephone exchange equipment is just open to play around with. Pull down the description for more about them. This is not a TARDIS. This is literally just a police telephone box.
Welcome to the United States, welcome to Los Angeles, and welcome to the world-famous [BLEEP]. Trademark rights are an interesting thing. You may already know about copyright, about it's been extended in the US and Europe many, many times, and always -- strangely enough -- just before the early Mickey Mouse cartoons were about to become public domain. But that's copyright, not trademarking. Separately to those cartoons, the name and basic design of Mickey Mouse is also trademarked. It's something that Disney use to sell... well, many, many, many things. So even if those early cartoons were to go out of copyright, I couldn't start selling my own Mickey Mouse merchandise, the same way I can't just set up a store called Wal-Mart or start selling my own drink called Coca-Cola. The rights to the names and designs don't have an expiry date, as long as they're being used and defended. The distinction is about commercial purpose. Which is why I've blurred the [BLEEP] behind me. You already know what it is and what it looks like, it's one of the most recognisable landmarks in America. You can easily find photos and videos of it all over the web, even videos of people climbing it and being chased off by the police. But am I using it for a commercial purpose by making this video about it? I don't think so, I'm using it nominatively, to describe the thing itself, which is legal. But am I willing to risk it when there are lawsuits from the trademark owner and out-of-court settlements going back decades? Now, could I have gotten permission if I'd made a couple of phone calls? Yeah, maybe, but they'd have probably have charged me a fee and wanted me to sign a lot of paperwork, and frankly, I'm on vacation. Am I likely to get sued if I actually show you it? Probably not. But am I absolutely, 100% sure that the trademark owners wouldn't go after me if I showed you one of the most recognisable landmarks in America? And that I wouldn't have to settle out of court or risk the cost of defending a very expensive lawsuit? No. I'm not 100% sure. That's the reason that there's just a blur of pixels behind me. I'm out here in LA for another few days. If any YouTube types want to collaborate on something on November 6th or 7th, send me an email, details are on screen now. I don't have much time but it'd be great to do something, so do get in touch. Oh my god, it's bright out here. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This is London's Cable Car, the £60 million boondoggle that the Mayor of London insisted was a vital part of the city's transport infrastructure. And here's the thing. That is a really tall cable car, 90 metres. If you want a cable car with a view over the city, you don't need it to be that high. Why is it so tall? Well, the answer to that is down the river, at the QE2 Bridge, at the Dartford Crossing, which for many years has been the height limit for vessels, cruise ships, warships coming into the city. Now, when this cable car was built, one of the requirements was that those ships could not be impeded. They must still be able to come into London. But here's something you might not know. This height, this expensive height here, is a compromise. Every metre you ratchet up the height, you also ratchet up the cost, but it has to be high enough to let those vessels pass underneath. And the thing you might not know is that, well, the way they bodged it is that if a tall ship needs to come underneath at low tide, they will remove all the gondolas and make sure there's no passengers on board. Put everything safely away. So that the wire, unladen, raises up enough to let boats pass. It is a bodge job at best. but then that pretty much sums up the Mayor of London. And that is something you might not know. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I am still in the Arctic, so today’s guest video comes from Chase at ScienceC, who sent in the best pitch out of all the 150 that I got. And it started, “hi Tom, I’ve got two of my sister’s teeth dissolving in soda”. I have a confession to make. I love Mountain Dew. I think my weather balloon video alone probably took a few 12-packs. Mountain Dew isn’t exactly known to be the healthiest beverage out there. So today, I’m going to do a little experiment to see just how bad Mountain Dew is for your teeth. So right here, I have two of my sister’s molars. I’m going to be soaking them in both a bottle of Mountain Dew, and a bottle of Coca-Cola for the next three weeks. So let’s see what happens! These teeth have been soaking in the soda for two weeks and five days. Before we take them out and weigh them, let’s get a little background on this soda. So the Mountain Dew right here has a pH of around 3.1 whereas the Coca-Cola has a pH of 2.5 making it six times more acidic than the Mountain Dew. So let’s take these teeth out, and see how much their mass has changed. I’m going to pour the Mountain Dew out here, and get the tooth out… I got the tooth out, and as you can see, it looks a lot more yellower, especially at the base of it, than before. Whoa, whoa, whoa... This tooth does not look very good at all. It is all black around the crown, and it just looks disgusting and nasty. So I’m going to clean it up with a little bit of water. So now that I’ve gotten these teeth dried off, if you look really closely, you can actually see that a lot of the enamel that was there — the white stuff — is gone where it previously was before. And on the Coca-Cola tooth, you can’t really see a whole lot, because it’s so stained. Now the teeth are sufficiently dried off, let’s weigh them. So the Coca-Cola tooth weighs .80 g, meaning that it’s .06 g lighter than it was before. Now, if you look at the Mountain Dew tooth, we can see that it is .81 g, meaning that it is 13 hundredths of a gram lighter than it was before. Now if we adjust for the initial mass of the teeth, we can see that the Mountain Dew tooth lost 14% of its mass, while the Coca-Cola tooth only lost 7% of its mass. Half of what the Mountain Dew lost. Since Coca-Cola is six times more acidic than Mountain Dew, you would expect it to have a higher decay rate than Mountain Dew. This is not the case for two factors. And that first factor is titratable acidity, or TA. So pH is a measure of the level of acidity. That means that Coca-Cola is more acidic than Mountain Dew. However, Mountain Dew has a higher titratable acidity than Coca-Cola. Meaning that it has more acid than Coca-Cola. This means that it takes longer for the saliva in your mouth to dilute that acid than it would for most cola drinks. In addition to this, it’s also the type of acid that’s added that makes the difference. So Mountain Dew, just like most non-cola beverages, has citric acid added into it. And citric acid is an organic acid, meaning that it will be able to break down the calcium in your teeth faster than inorganic acids like the phosphoric acid found in most cola beverages. This ultimately means that Mountain Dew is worse for your teeth than Coca-Cola, even though Coca-Cola is way more acidic and that’s something that you might not have known. Thanks, Tom. Thanks, Chase! Thought I’d left that catchphrase behind. Go subscribe to his channel, he’s got some wonderful videos coming up, links on screen or in the description now. Let’s face it, he’s going to have my job in 5 or 10 years’ time, you’re getting in early. Next time, we have, well, a very familiar part of China.
- I'm at Space Camp in Huntsville, Alabama, and this is the Multi-Axis Trainer, or MAT. Otherwise known as that spinny thing that astronauts get strapped into. This is an icon of space exploration and space training. And it looks really fun, or really terrifying, depending on how close you are to it. But what does it actually do? - You ready? - No! - Eyes open. - Whoa. - When you come to Space Camp, you typically ride the MAT for no longer than 45 seconds. The MAT spins on three different axes and three different rings. The outer ring is locked. The centre ring is powered by a motor, and then the inner ring is free spinning. And then inside that is a chair that is also spinning on a different axis. While you're riding the MAT, you don't spin in more than one direction twice in a row, so you don't get dizzy or nauseous, but you do get disoriented. It's a very important difference that they feel. As your stomach stays in the centre of rotation, you're gonna get a lot of blood and momentum feeling in your head and your feet. Most people love the feeling of the Multi-Axis Trainer. They love the feeling of being disoriented without being dizzy, which is a really rare experience for most roller coasters or simulators like this. It's based off of something called the MASTIF, which was used during the Mercury programme. The MASTIF was actually a series of cages around a central chair. The MAT is a series of rings. During the 1960s, astronauts in the Mercury and Gemini programs would need to train on something like the MASTIF because of the shape of their vehicle. It's a capsule and it would spin very erratically if something were going wrong. Unlike the Shuttle astronauts where they were in something more plane-shaped, and so when something is going wrong in a plane it doesn't act the same. - So the Mercury astronauts weren't just strapped into this thing's big brother to disorient them. It was training, if something -- oh! -- like this is happening in space, then your mission has gone disastrously wrong. In training, they would be spun up to anything up to 30 revolutions a minute, much faster than this, with much higher G forces. And then the trainer would hand the controls over to them. The astronaut's chair would [groans] have controls on it connected to nitrogen gas thrusters. They would have to work out which way they were spinning in three dimensions, in real time. [groans] And then they would have to figure out how to make it stop. For me, it's a little bit easier. Could we uh, could we make this stop, please? - The MAT was never used to actually train astronauts. We only use it as a simulator here at Space Camp. I've actually ridden the MAT as well. We had to do it for training. I like to say that most people don't get dizzy, because there are some people who do. I'm one of them! - I completely forgot to do the outro. Could we go again, please? - If you're good. - [groans] Oh, there we go. Thank you very much to all the team at Space Camp. You can find out more about them at the links on screen or in the description. [laughs] Yeah, I'm done. I am very much done.
Last week, I put up a video that was filmed here at the Cambridge Centre for Computing History. And folks seemed to like the video, but a few comments made it clear that there was a slight problem. And it was a problem that made me really angry with myself. There was a very subtle high-pitched noise in the background of the video, and I hadn't noticed it before uploading. So I thought I should explain why: first, why the noise was there at all, and second, why I didn't notice it. This museum is filled with old computers with cathode ray tube screens: CRTs. Some of these screens are specialised computer monitors, but others, like these over here, are basically just old-school televisions. At the back of each monitor is an electron gun, and it fires out a beam of electrons. Wherever they hit, the phosphors on the screen light up. But the electron gun doesn't move at all. It couldn't possibly move fast enough. Instead, it just fires in one direction, and electromagnets bend the beam of electrons. The more power that's sent to the magnets, the more the beam bends. So for every frame of video, that beam scans the whole screen, left to right, top to bottom. I'm going to ignore the vertical movement, what we're interested in is the horizontal. Inside there is a clever bit of kit called a flyback transformer. It outputs a sawtooth signal to the electromagnet, which means that it ramps up, and then drops very quickly back down. And as it ramps up, the electromagnet bends the beam across the screen before it quickly snaps straight back ready for the next line. That electron beam scans across 625 lines of the TV signal, 25 times a second, so that flyback transformer needs to ramp up and drop down 15,625 times a second. And because of something called magnetostriction, it changes shape a tiny, tiny, tiny amount every time it does that, which generates a noise at that high-pitched frequency. It's the same frequency that every old-school TV produces. At least in Europe. The numbers in America are a little different, but they still end up at about the same frequency. Now, with modern audio editing tools it is really easy to isolate that frequency and remove it. Until now, I've been removing it from this video, but let me tell you: it's here, and in this room, with all these monitors on, it is loud. Now I knew the sound was recorded originally, because I could hear it in this room, I knew my microphone was picking it up. I just thought the automatic noise reduction stuff I use would take care of it. It didn't: but it also turns out these headphones that I use to check audio aren't great at high frequencies, and so with my voice drowning it out I just didn't notice the sound. There aren't many quiet bits in that video, I don't shut up. And for a while, I was angry with myself, because it was an unforced error. I wasn't under time pressure, I checked through half a dozen times, I just didn't think to check the sound with my eyes. That mistake might have stopped the message getting as far as it could. But I think there was another reason that I was angry. Spider Robinson once wrote that "anger is fear in disguise", and I'm not sure that's always true, but... it wasn't just my headphones. As you get older, your range of hearing starts to narrow. It starts to get more difficult to hear high frequencies. And I used to pride myself on how good my hearing was, I could hear higher frequencies than I was supposed to for my age. Those 17,000Hz mosquito alarms designed to make teenagers go away, they irritated me through my twenties. And, sure, I can hear the loud, high-pitched noise here, 'cos it's really obvious, but in that video? Nope. I have to strain to even notice it, even as some folks in the comments said it was loud enough to stop them watching. I did a hearing test. I can't hear mosquito alarms any more. I can't hear anything higher than these monitors. That video, that mistake I made, was a sudden and sharp reminder that I'm getting older. That some of the things I used to do, I can't any more. So protect your hearing, and next time someone forgets to check for a high pitched noise in the background and it annoys you... well, at least you can still hear it.
The bigger the city, the faster people in it walk. That was the startling conclusion of a 1976 paper by a pair of researchers who sat down in cities around the world and measured how fast people were walking. And I would love to know how they got that on university expenses. Anyway, that's been pretty much backed up by a lot of research over the years. All of which has found a pretty much linear relationship between the size of a city, in terms of population, and how fast the people in it walk. And the theory for many years was that this was caused by psychological overstimulus. There was just so much going on in the city around them that they had to speed up, they had to go so much faster to just deal with everything that was hitting their brains. That was even backed up by Stanley Milgram, of the famous Milgram experiment. But, well, the trouble is that that's not true. You'll still hear that theory trotted out to explain things like that. You'll also hear the theory that people were seeing their time as being worth more, that because people in big cities tend to be paid more, well, of course, they'd walk faster, their time was seen as more valuable. No. See, there's a 1992 paper that generally gets ignored when you see discussions of this because, well, its conclusions aren't nearly as interesting. The fact is, people in cities walk faster because they're younger. Because it's demographics. Because, well, admittedly London is deserted because I'm recording this on a weekend, but, central London is normally people in suits. They're young, they swing male more than female, and they tend to be walking very fast because that's how people who are young walk. You don't see many 60, 70 or 80-year-olds catching the Tube to Canary Wharf in the morning. So there you have it, the lesson of the story is not that people in big cities walk faster, although that's true and it's something you might not have known, the lesson is: When you come up with a hypothesis, always check for simpler explanations first. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I am exactly thirty miles away from the intersection of Beverly Boulevard and North La Cienega Boulevard in downtown Los Angeles. This is part of the boundary of the studio zone, a thirty-mile circle that sweeps through southern California, and which explains why a lot of planets in science fiction look kind of the same. See, if I were filming a movie and I asked my cast and crew to meet me here, outside the zone, I'd have to pay them for their time and mileage getting to the location. But if I just walk a few paces this way, inside the studio zone, then cast and crew get paid from when they arrive here, from their call time. Filming inside the zone is significantly cheaper. The headquarters of pretty much all the movie studios are inside the zone, and so are a lot of places that you'll have seen in film and television. Griffith Park and Bronson Canyon are well within the zone, close to the centre of Hollywood, so that's where Adam West's Batcave was, along with where the walls fell for Captain Picard, and along with, well, pretty much any American TV show that's ever needed that sort of landscape. And Vasquez Rocks, which have been used in so many TV shows, films and music videos that there is a separate Wikipedia page just listing them, is conveniently twenty-nine miles from the centre of the zone. If those rocks were slightly further away from Hollywood, then who knows? Perhaps Bill and Ted would have been killed by their evil robot doubles somewhere else. Why thirty miles? Union rules. Hollywood is a union town, and long ago, it was negotiated that thirty miles was "local" and anything outside wasn't, presumably after many, many disagreements going back and forth between union reps and the studios. Now, exceptions have been added over time: the rules are complicated, and I couldn't explain them all if I tried. Production coordinators generally have that job. But in summary: this thirty-mile zone, this TMZ, and yes, that's where the gossip site got its name from, this border is why, sometimes, it looks like the crew of the Enterprise are boldly going where quite a lot of people have gone before.
Today’s guest video is a little different from normal, so be prepared for music, emoji and being told you’re hot, as Alex from Play the Mind takes on song translations. Alex, take it away. ♫ Give your heart and soul to me ♫ and life will always be ♫ La Vie En Rose. ♫ You just heard a contrafactum. That’s when the lyrics of the song are changed, but the music stays the same. Parody songs are a good example of contrafactum and so are song translations. But as opposed to parodies, song translations give the false impression of remaining faithful to the original. For instance, what I just sang is part of the English version of the French song La Vie En Rose by Edith Piaf. The French lyrics of what I sang are, "Et dès que je l'aperçois alors je sens en moi, mon cœur qui bat." The meaning of these words has nothing to do with what I just sang. As a matter of fact, the whole English version ends up becoming short, bilingual, gender-neutral and sung directly to the loved one, which are characteristics not present in the original French version. And this song isn’t the only case where this happens. When dealing with any song translation, there’s a conflict between the meaning of the lyrics and the way they sound when spoken. If you were to translate a song purely based on meaning, you would end up having lyrics with beats following on syllables, which naturally don't RE-ceive an ac-CENT when spo-KEN. So, somewhere, you need to sacrifice some meaning in order to preserve good sound. And who’s to blame for making song translations so darn complicated? It’s phonology. The phonology of a language is like its musical DNA and it has a primordial influence on how the melody of a song gets written in a certain language. Even the particular way a baby cries has to do with how its mother speaks. There are two things to consider in phonology. The phonemes are the vowels and consonants that make up speech and the prosody of a language is the way the phonemes are put together into syllables, words and sentences and their intonation in order to convey meaning. It’s the prosody of English that makes the difference between saying, “Hey, you’re HOT,” and saying, “Hey. YOU’RE hot.” But, back to music. It’s the phonological system of a language which shapes the melody of a song originally written in that language. And when translating that song into a language with a completely different phonological system, something ends up sounding bad. For instance, some languages, like Hindi or Italian, are more favourable to melismatic singing, where you have multiple notes sung over just a few vowels. Here’s an example in English: ♫ If I... ♫ should stay... ♫ That was Whitney Houston. And other languages, such as German or Polish, are more favourable to syllabic singing, where you have one note per syllable. ♫ Freude schöner Götterfunken ♫ Tochter aus Elysium! ♫ That was Ludwig Van. Gesundheit! Therein lies the crux of the matter. Setting the text of a syllabic language to a melismatic song or vice-versa, sounds forced, artificial. I’m fully aware that no language is purely syllabic or purely melismatic, but I am emphasising these extremes in order to drive my point home. A song translation can either sound good, but be inaccurate in meaning, or it can be accurate, but sound bad. Take your pick. But, how important are song translations nowadays? Well, think of this. Roughly 80 million people speak Korean worldwide, yet to this day, the video on YouTube with most views is the Korean song ‘Gangnam Style’ with more than 2.5 billion views. This means most of the audience probably didn’t understand a word that was being sung. Go subscribe to Play the Mind for all sorts of videos about music theory and acoustics, including one about the very first mic drop. Next time, in the last guest video of the run, we have something in the ever-popular genre of "that thing you’re eating isn’t what you think it is". See you then.
[Applause] Now — No one saw that movie. Not only did I not know this was happening, they changed their shirts in the time between me opening that door and me on stage, so I don't know how the hell that happened... ...but well done. [Applause] And I must say that you're a very lucky audience that you didn't see my gutty midriff then. [Laughter and a whoop from the audience] And you may yet. Gutty Midriff sounds like the name of a burlesque star. [Laughter] From Rotherham. Funny you should say that... GARY: That's my mother! Ooh, now you're... CHRIS and GARY: Ooooh! Can I also give a quick shout out to the people who brought their own TechDif merchandise? MATT and GARY: What?! TOM: There's five people in a row there with — TOM: Seven... There's a lot of people with different slogans on the T-shirts there. GARY: That's fine. I'm cool with that. TOM: Which is just... that's...! We should get a photo afterwards. We ought. Yes. Yes. Right. Are we ready for the second show, gentlemen? GARY: [Laughs] MATT: Never. Have to be. AUDIENCE MEMBER: Matt, the door's open. [Laughter] GARY: [Hums theme from 'Chariots of Fire'] What I love about that shout is not just: thank you, the door was open... but also the fact that you called on Matt, who is furthest away from the door... [Laughter] ...to get the door. Um... all right. He's the only one with the professional door-closing certificate, though. Oh, that's true, actually. I'm not licensed for that. We'd best open it again. GARY: Union rules. We're all dead. All right. Is everybody ready? [Non-committal muttering] Then, as we go into recording the second show, can we have a big round of applause as the show begins? [Applause]
Last time I did a run of guest videos, we had an enthusiastic young presenter talking about food science and backing it up with an experiment. Well, we are doing it again! Alex, from Technicality Studios, it’s all yours. This is Splenda. It’s known as a zero-calorie sweetener or a healthy replacement for sugar. “Splenda no calorie sweetener, with the original sugar-like taste you love and trust.” Hold up. Wait a minute. How is this even possible? Have you ever thought to yourself it’s a little strange that a food has zero calories? Can any even have that? Well, yes. It’s theoretically possible. Think of it this way. If you, say, eat plastic, nothing really will happen. Plastic has zero usable calories. If you eat it, you can’t take energy from it. Don’t eat plastic, by the way. This is just an example. So, before answering how many calories Splenda really has, if any, we first have to answer if Splenda has any usable calories at all. How do we do that? Well, when we eat and digest sugar, or sucrose, our body turns it into glucose and fructose. Fructose is delivered to your liver and promptly turned into glucose, and glucose is the stuff your body uses as energy. To find out if there’s any calories in this packet of Splenda, we have to find out if there’s any glucose in this packet of Splenda and finding that’s easy, or at least, it seemed easy after my chemistry teacher explained that to me like 20 times. We’ll do two experiments. For the first experiment, the control test, we’ll dissolve 0.2 grams of sugar and 0.1 grams of an enzyme called invertase in water. Enzymes are things that speed up chemical reactions, or catalysts. Thus, the enzyme will quickly break down sugar into glucose and fructose. In the second experiment, we’ll use the exact same procedure, but change one material. Instead of using sugar, we’ll use Splenda. Let’s go to the lab. Now that we’ve gathered all the materials, let’s get started. Note to future editing self: this is Splenda. This is sugar. So, now I’m going to dissolve both of those things in water, in these things, test tubes. Now that we’ve dissolved everything in the test tube, let’s put them in a warm water bath like this for 20 minutes. The water should be about 37 degrees Celsius or body temperature. This is the best temperature for the enzymes. After letting it sit for 20 minutes, I’m going to put in Benedict’s solution. Benedict’s solution will tell us if there’s glucose in these test tubes. Benedict’s solution is named after Stanley Rossiter Benedict, an American chemist, and not Benedict Cumberbatch, a British actor. This is a disappointment. It’s now time to goggle up. Now, when we put in the Benedict’s solution, we’re going to replace the 37-degree water with boiling water. Then, let’s add in a few drops and wait for the Benedict’s solution to do its thing. So, we just learned that how Benedict’s solution works is basically it’s a spectrum, right? So, blue would be the least amount of glucose, no glucose. And then there’s red, which would be the most amount of glucose, that’s a lot of glucose. Now, as you can see, these two are basically kind of orangey-caramel coloured, but the one in the Splenda solution actually is a little darker and a little more intense, if you look really closely. So, that means there’s actually more glucose in the Splenda than the actual sugar. Isn’t that crazy? I mean, I was blown away. Splenda, which is marketed as a zero-calorie alternative to sugar, actually has more glucose than actual sugar. Why? Well Splenda’s most-used ingredient is dextrose. You know what that is? A fancy word for glucose. So, how many calories are in these packets? Four. Four calories. How do we know that? Well, I emailed Splenda Customer Service. And they wrote back that there are four calories in each single serve packet of Splenda no calorie sweetener because that makes sense. Side note here, one gram of sugar has four calories and each packet of Splenda is about a gram. But wait a sec. If each packet has four calories, why is Splenda allowed to say they have none? That seems pretty sketchy. It might seem sketchy, but it’s completely legal. The Food and Drug Administration allows foods with fewer than five calories per serving to be marketed as having zero calories down to the nutrition label. That means you can’t trust any food that claims it has zero calories. Well, now you know. Until next time, thank you so very much for watching. Thank you to Tom for giving me the privilege of making a guest video. Thank you to my chemistry teacher for staying late and helping me with every little annoying thing I asked for. DFTBA, and explore on! Go subscribe to Alex’s channel! Let’s be honest, he’s going to have my job in a few years, so you’re just getting in early. That is it for this run of guest videos. Thank you very much for watching. Thank you to all the presenters. I’ll be back next time and, until then, I will see you on the Internet!
I am in New Orleans, Louisiana, in the French Quarter, in the Crescent City, the home of jazz and a really good place to talk about ZIP codes. No, seriously, because New Orleans is on the Mississippi, which is the dividing line between the west and the east of America. And ZIP codes work like this; up in the northeast, you have the zeros. Up in the southwest, you have the nines. And New Orleans, here in the middle, you have the sevens, not the fives. That's because the population density in the northeast is much higher. And so, you know, it's spread out by that rather than just geographical location, which does make sense. And there is one ZIP code, of course, that is more famous than all others: Beverly Hills' 90210. And the reason is a commitee decision at some point in the US postal service when they were setting up ZIP codes. At some point they decided that Beverly Hills would get this arbitrary number, and of course, a TV show made it famous. Something interesting though, that you might not know, back in 2000, there was a company called AllAdvantage. And their shtick was this: Download a program that would just put adverts permanently in the bottom of your screen, like watching a YouTube video only with everything. And that advert would stay there, permanently, blocking up a little bit of your screen, and in exchange, they would pay you quite a bit of money, 'cause this was 2000, this was the dot-com boom, this was when you could get away with paying a lot of money for banner ads. And then, they added a multi-level marketing scheme, like all the dodgy pyramid schemes that you still see today. If you referred other people, you would get a small cut of what they got, and all the people they referred would send some money to you as well. Obviously, the company died when the dot-com bubble crashed. That really didn't need to be mentioned, but, back in 2000, oh, this was a wonderful scheme. AllAdvantage.com released a press release, a very happy press release announcing that the most popular ZIP code for their users, Beverly Hills, 90210 And this was astonishing, because, why would the rich people at Beverly Hills want a few dollars an hour for putting a banner ad on their screen? If you have a referral scheme like that, where they're just giving out free money for something you do on a computer, well, people are going to cheat it. They're gonna install it many times on many computers, trying to get as much money out of it as possible. To do that, they need fake accounts. These folks aren't in the US, so what they do is they sign up with the only ZIP code they know: 90210. So that press release in the heady days of the dot-com boom, is a result of several decisions, One, the US postal service picking that ZIP code for that area, Two, a TV show picking that ZIP code for its title, and three, one very silly web service, burning through a lot of money, very quickly, and being scammed for all they could take. And that is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I am at one of the tallest wind farms in Europe. Look at that! Isn't that beautiful? You can't tell right now, but basically, when the cloud goes over, that is so high that it casts a shadow on the cloud as it's passing by. But the reason I' m here is because of something you might not know, which is why, when it's windy wind farms aren't always on and rotating. And there are a couple of reasons. One, is that wind farms aren't built to take extremely high wind speeds- above 50-55 mph it starts to get dangerous and this beautiful thing could rip itself apart. So, at high winds they slam the brakes on and they stop them running, because the amount of energy they would lose from doing that is much less than the amount of energy you would constantly lose if you had to build this thing to withstand hurricane force winds. The other reason is that the national grid can't cope with more than enough power being dumped into it. There are no giant storage batteries, that can hold the entire output of a power station. So, what happens is, if the demand is low, then they will just turn off the ones, that are easy to turn off, like this. And when demand rises again, they will turn on this and hydroelectric power plants, in order to deal with instant demand. Nuclear, coal, gas- all much harder to shut down, all much harder to start up. And so, the national grid keeps us balanced at 50 Hertz-- 50 cycles a second, 60 in America, 50 in Britain-- by monitoring the plants like this and turning them on or off, as needs be. And that is something you might now have known. [Closed captions by MM. Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
There's a reason that the old, retro-futuristic dreams of monorail travel didn't come true. Nowadays, monorails are mostly known as attractions in theme parks, or short systems around airports, or as impractical, expensive boondoggles. Sydney, Australia, actually demolished theirs a few years ago. Sure, monorails looked cool, but objectively, they're a pretty terrible idea. But in some places in the world: they do work. This is Wuppertal, in Germany, where they don't just have a monorail: they have a century-old suspended monorail that still carries about 80,000 people a day along miles and miles and miles of track. Never mind your 1980s dreams of World's Fairs: construction on this started in the 19th century, and it's been kept up to date ever since. It's like something out of 'Thunderbirds'. There's a fantastic story about it once carrying an elephant -- which panicked, fell out into the river, and -- amazingly -- survived. So why are monorails such a terrible idea? Well, compared to other options, they generally fail on cost and reliability. First, you need a constantly elevated track -- the term is 'grade-separated' -- along the whole route. Even in the rare case it's down at ground level, you've got to put huge concrete blocks for it to run on rather than just some rails. And given all that cost, governments generally just build one track so if something breaks down, the whole system fails, and passengers have to be evacuated from a great height. You can solve exactly the same problems as a monorail with light rail that doesn't always need an expensive elevated track. Or a tram, that can run along existing streets with just some rails laid down. Or you could just use the simplest option: a bus. Doesn't look as cool, though. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
Behind me is the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital. And I'm here because it's been an interesting week for alternative medicine in Britain. This week, Noel Edmonds, television star, and promoter of mid-90s fever dream Mr Blobby, endorsed something called the EMP Pad. It’s a yoga mat, and its inventors claim that its very low intensity electromagnetic fields help cells in the body function. Now, I’m not going to go into loads of detail about the evidence for the Pad. I’m very skeptical, but there are early studies that say carefully applied, specific electromagnetic fields may actually do some good. I know, I was surprised too. Okay, a yoga mat probably isn’t going to work like that, but there are devices using EM fields that are working well enough that insurers are starting to pay for them. I’ll also skip over the insulting reaction that Noel Edmonds got from people on Twitter, particularly after he told someone suffering from cancer that it might be because of their “negative attitude”. Instead, let’s look at the reaction of the folks who make the EMP Pad. Because, okay, the skeptics won’t like them whatever they do, but there are plenty of alternative medicine believers out there. Surely the company would welcome a celebrity endorsement? No. At the top of their web site, in big letters, they disavowed Noel Edmonds entirely. Nothing to do with us, they said. And the reason was: he’d claimed they could help cure cancer. Now across Europe, advertising prescription drugs and medical treatments to the public is banned. They can advertise to doctors, sure, but those American drug adverts with their list of side effects just don’t happen here. "Serious, sometimes fatal events such as infections, lymphoma, "or other types of cancer have happened. "Blood, liver and nervous system problems, serious allergic reactions, "and new or worsening heart failure have occurred." But in Britain, there are even stricter laws about cancer treatments. You can’t get away with saying, "oh, it’s not really a medical device", or, "oh, it’s just some herbs". If you sell something to the public, saying it can help or cure cancer, you can be prosecuted. Even if it does cure cancer. The idea, back in 1939 when the law was passed, still holds true today. Sell your cure to doctors. If you give them an alternative medicine that works, with evidence to convince them, they’ll start prescribing it, and you, the person who discovered it, you’re probably in line for a Nobel Prize. And if they don’t start prescribing it: well, it probably doesn’t cure cancer, does it? If you’re selling your cure directly to the public, it's almost certainly not a cure. And it’s probably going to hurt people that would otherwise go to the doctor. With this law, no-one has to prove that your cure doesn’t work: they just have to prove you’re selling it without going through someone qualified. Noel Edmonds was in the clear when he said “this cures cancer”. I think he’s irresponsible, but he can believe that, and he’s not selling any yoga mats himself. "I then had my tumor destroyed by sound waves, "proving yet again that energy is at the heart of this issue." But the folks who do sell them: they needed to shut down that claim right away, or risk an investigation that they would really want to avoid. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
At the turn of the millennium, ITV, one of the major British TV channels, decided to call the year 2000 their Year of Promise. They held a massive telethon, the Day of Promise, not to raise money for charity, but to get people to call in and promise... something. What we want you to do is: we want you to make a promise. -- And by doing that, you'll make a mark in history. -- Absolutely. The promises would be held forever, they said, in registers held up and down the country -- and if you paid ITV some money, your promise would also be permanently inscribed at a historic site somewhere in the UK. Historic like the East India Dock basin, here. A few years later, and there's almost no sign that this ever happened. But to tell the truth, I could have said that in 2002 or 2003. The public didn't care about the Year of Promise, and ITV abandoned the whole scheme as soon as they could. At least, as soon as they could without losing face. The Internet Archive has most of their web site, and the National Library of Scotland seems to have the only available copy of a CD with all the promises on -- but that's it. Some of the benches and monuments that are inscribed with promises still exist, like this one... but a lot of them have been destroyed or moved in renovations or just weathered away over time. Despite the millions that ITV spent on trying to leave a mark on history -- their words, not mine -- the promises have been almost forgotten. Designing something to last is incredibly difficult, even if it's not just a publicity stunt. But here's the thing: it might not matter. Research has proved an old urban legend: that writing down a goal or a promise makes you significantly more likely to do it. It helps if you tell someone else, it helps if you get it engraved on a monument somewhere. But just the act of committing to something in writing, even if you're the only one to see it, means that your human desire to stay consistent, to stay true to what you think your beliefs are, makes you more likely to achieve it. Or, at least, more likely to say that you've achieved it when a researcher calls and asks you about it later. So I don't know if Kay O'Grady really did overcome OCD, or Susan Moussa really did learn first aid. And perhaps the money that ITV spent on their ill-fated Year of Promise could have been better put to other things. But I'd like to think that all the promises, all the commitments, really did do some good in the world. Even if no-one actually remembers them now. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
The battle for Christmas number one is a British music tradition. To be at the top of the charts on Christmas Day is to have a place in history. Sometimes, serious pop acts have managed it: the Spice Girls did it three times in a row. Sometimes, it was more of a mid-90s fever dream. ♪ “Blobby, oh Mr Blobby…” ♪ Some of the importance of the Christmas Number One comes from the UK music industry’s official charts, which are based purely on music sales, not on airplay. Every pop music radio station in Britain could play a track every hour, on the hour… and it wouldn’t make a bit of difference if no one walked into a music shop, opened their wallets, and actually bought the physical single – or, later, paid to download a digital file. That doesn’t really work these days. If you go back to 1952, when the charts were first launched, a guy called Percy Dickens basically just used to get on the phone and call up 20 of his mates who worked in record shops and just ask them, what records were popular that particular week? And it was as basic as that. So for most of the history of the charts, what we've done is we've counted sales, because that's the way that consumers - music fans - have been able to access their music. Every year, hundreds of music acts release novelty Christmas singles, hoping to be the one that makes it through the dreck and gets to the top of the charts. And almost all of them fail, although it’s pretty heartwarming when they do succeed… because it usually means that the winner of the X Factor has been beaten down into second place, and people seem to enjoy it when Simon Cowell doesn’t win. But calculating the numbers now is trickier than it used to be. For the last 2½ years, we've been not just counting sales, but also adding streams in there as well. We convert the streams to sales by dividing the streams by 100, and then we put it all together. The 100 is essentially an estimate of the value of a stream versus the value of a download. We're actually changing that from the beginning of 2017, to 150, because what we're seeing is a massive shift in terms of the number of streams that are being generated and the number of sales that are being made as well. Spotify, and Apple Music. Deezer, and Tidal. Amazon have both Amazon Prime Music and Amazon Unlimited. We count those as well. There are other, smaller services on top of that. But pretty much any audio streaming service you'll be using, we count. You’ll notice something missing from that list of streaming services: the official UK chart doesn’t count YouTube views. In theory, YouTube could track music use: but it can’t tell whether you’re listening to a song because you’re there to listen to music… or just because someone’s decided to soundtrack their multi-million-view video with Bing Crosby’s White Christmas. We've never counted video, and consumption of video, and we're not doing so now. That said, obviously we're always talking about it, it's a big debate within the industry, about whether it should or it shouldn't count. That may change at some point in the future, but not quite for now. I don’t know who’s going to be Christmas number one this year. And neither do the folks here, at the official UK charts company, at least as I record this, although I suspect probably they’ve got a pretty good idea by now. At 5:40pm on December 23rd, BBC Radio 1 will make the announcement, and – at least for this year – someone will still be entering the history books.
Traverse-le-alley, good grief. Will, you have slotted into Matt's seat just perfectly. When I ate him I stole his powers. That's how it works. You actually had a buzz cut, didn't you, before you went in… Yes. The man was clean shaven and five foot one. It's the kind of 'American Werewolf in London' transformation. "Augh!" "I'm making puns!" But a horrible werewolf, because you have to eat the werewolf. Oh yes, that's… Oh yes. That's a horrible reverse werewolf. Note to self: fairy story for later. That's a wolf that under the full moon turns into a really confused human. "Huh?" Scooby Doo! Scientific basis for Scooby Doo. "Raggy?" In the day, he is a mild-mannered banker called David. And then when the full moon shines he… I'm getting Heart of a Dog now, Bulgakov. Have you not seen that? Or read that? Mikhail Bulgakov short story about a doctor who transplants the heart and testicles of a man onto a dog and the dog slowly humanises. Oh, that's cool. It's dark. It's grim. Scientists, please check, would that work? Do we have any scientists in the audience? We're not specialists… No, it wouldn't work. No. We've been told that wouldn't work.
Oh boy. Back in the dawn of aviation, in the 1920s, wing-walking was an incredibly dangerous stunt. Daredevils would get out of the seat in their plane and just clamber around the wings with nothing but their own strength. Maybe there'd be a pole at the top they could attach to once they were up there, but mostly it was just them and their strength against 100mph wind. Now there are still a very small number of folks in the world who do wing-walking that way, but in the 21st century, wing-walking is a little bit different. Hahaha! Oh, yes! Oh, wow. - We go at roughly from 80 to 160mph. Various, in between that. And we'll pull up to 4g, so it's a huge strain on our bodies and we're doing manoeuvres, so we'll lift our legs up, we can do handstands and we'll also move around. It's like resistance training, it's really hard work. In the loop, we'll get to about 4g at the bottom and then as soon as we go over the top we start waving, cause that's the nice weightless bit, so it's easier to start then, than start when you're going really quickly. You have about a month of intense training. You practise everything on the ground first and then you just go up in the air and do it repetitively. You fly everyday, all day, so it's absolutely knackering. - At Eastbourne Airshow, we take off from an airfield near Brighton and we fly along the coast for 20 minutes and then they climb up onto the wing, so they climb up in flight. On the transit flight, the procedure for them to climb onto the wing is for them to unstrap their main seat harness, but at all times they have a carabiner which slides up and down the wire. Their cable is about 60cm long, so they can never be more than 60cm away from the centre line of the aircraft. Once they get up onto the wing, the carabiner is then behind them, still attached, and then they strap themselves into the five point harness, which is on the swivel rig on the wing and at that point, of course, then they have two methods of attachment. That's totally different to the 1920s! Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo-hoo! - The main difference when having someone on the wing is that there is a significant amount of drag from that person. It's a bit like flying an aircraft with your gear and flaps down. You'll need more power to fly and you need to check the trim as well, because the people on the wing provide a forward centre of gravity. - So at the end of the show, we'll chat to everyone and they'll tell us what they enjoyed. Usually, it's when we do the rolls and we go upside down because they can't quite believe that we're strapped on. From the air, you can't see our wire. It's all a bit of an illusion, so it looks like we're not attached, and they're like, "Oh my gosh!" So it's a bit of a daredevil thing they think is going on as well. - Kids come up to us all the time, especially young girls that are doing gymnastics and think, 'oh my gosh, that's incredible', so it's really nice to feel like you're a bit of a role model for people. - That is exhausting. That is one of the most physically strenuous things I think I've ever done. Whoo! Hahaha!
I'm at a party, taking just a couple minutes out to tell you that gold has an E number. E numbers are the numbers given by the European Food Safety Group -- or whatever -- and gold is technically a food additive. You can have it for decoration or -- you know, in little drinks or something like that. You can also get it in this form: you can get it as gold leaf. And this is--well for gold, it's quite cheap. Each sheet costs about £1 and that is because it's so unbelievably thin: less than a micron. It's been rolled and rolled and rolled and flattened and put into this little booklet. And, uh... Well, that means you can do all sorts of things with it but one thing you can do is with a bit of luck...you can... Got to be really careful here because-- --Do you want to just get a close shot of that? And so, with a bit of luck I should be able... I have gold plated my tongue for about £1. And that is something you might not have known. -Ah! That does not taste good. -Does anyone else want a go? I've still got one left. And yes, since you asked that, it's pretty much going to go unaltered, through me. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
I am taking this month off, and while I'm gone, five other YouTube creators have lined up some brilliant guest videos for you. We start with science presenter, Steve Mould. And when he told me the title of this video I thought, “No, I can't.” And then I was wrong. So: be nice, be kind; Steve, take it away! You have a super power that you’re probably not aware of, the ability to hear temperature, or at least, the ability to discern between hot and cold water just using your sense of hearing and this is something we can test. So, I’m going to pour hot and cold water from these identical jugs into these identical mugs and it’s your job to figure out which is which. And I’m going to blur the screen as well because there may be some visual cues that would tip you off, one way or the other. Okay, here we go. It should have been quite easy to tell which was which. Feel free to pause the video and leave a comment with your guess, if you like, but here’s the answer: the first pour was cold and the second pour was hot. And the reason they sound different is because of the fact that the water is viscous -- or thick, if you like, and the viscosity of water goes down when you heat it. This is something that’s easier to see with a liquid like honey. So, warm honey is more runny than cold honey, whereas, with water, it’s less visually apparent. But when you pour water, the way it splashes into a cup is affected by the viscosity. And this change in the splashing of the water changes the sound that it makes because of various complex fluid dynamic reasons. What’s really interesting is this is knowledge you already had due to a lifetime of hearing cold drinks and hot drinks being made. And like many things, this is something that you knew intuitively, even though it wasn’t something you were aware of consciously. Go subscribe to Steve Mould’s channel! I would recommend his video on a self-pouring liquid as being a good place to start. Next time, the tale of an engineering disaster.
If you have a GPS unit - in your car, in your smartphone, in whatever - it will almost certainly not work if you go above 60,000 feet or go faster than 1200mph. And the reason... ...is this! This is the Rocket Garden at Kennedy Space Center in Florida. And those are intercontinental ballistic missiles that they strapped a person on top of and sent them into space. And when GPS was being developed by the US Department of Defense, the Cold War was still going on. And - well, they didn't want Soviet ICBMs to be incredibly precisely targeted. And so all the GPS chips that are for consumer use have this restriction in them - that if you go too fast or too high they will say, "Oh no, I am a missile!" And stop working. And the only time that this has really affected anyone is in the last few years as high-altitude unmanned ballooning has taken off, the kind of stratospheric weather balloons that take gorgeous pictures from on high. Because when they come down they need to be tracked, and the GPS unit suddenly thinks it's in the stratosphere, it must be a missile, and it shuts down. And the solution? Some of these GPS units only shut down if you're going too high AND too fast. Find one of those, you can use it in your balloon. Otherwise, it's probably best if you stay a little bit closer to Earth. And that is something you might not have known. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here!]
This remote beach in the far south-west of England was a major target during the Second World War. It was so tactically important that the government's Petroleum Warfare Department installed flame throwers all the way across it to try and repel anyone who might try to come ashore and sabotage what's underneath. Welcome to Porthcurno in Cornwall. Under here was how Britain talked to the world, and to a lesser extent, how it still does. - Under the Porthcurno Beach ran the original telegraph cables linking Britain with her Empire. What you're looking at is the cable hut which was the original landing point for the cables which ran from Porthcurno all around the world. There were 14 cables. The length of the cables amassed about 186,000 miles. The cables were dragged up the beach, terminated into old valve terminations in the cable hut and then the message was relayed underground up to the cable station, which is the building that now houses the museum. These cables were fearsomely expensive to make and to lay and the last thing you needed is some idiot dropping an anchor on them or snagging them in their nets. The beach has got very deep sand and it shifts all the time, so it's never been used for fishing, so you don't have boats landing here regularly, or you didn't in 1870, so it was a perfect place. We also have World War II tunnels. Back in 1939, when war was declared, we had Britain's premier communications hub in a very prominent white building, standing out on top of a cliff in a sparsely populated area, which wasn't the smartest idea. So, 15,000 tonnes of granite was blasted out from the cliff and the whole thing was moved underground. - A lot of folks think that when they're sending a message to someone in another country, it's getting bounced up to a satellite and back down. But, unless you're in a really rural area, that is not the case. Most comm satellites in geostationary orbit, which means that they are falling around the earth at the exact same rate that the earth is spinning below them. But to make that orbit work, they have to be so far away that it takes half a second for a signal to get beamed up to them and back down. The route around the surface of the earth is much shorter and much faster and it doesn't involve blasting something into orbit. Undersea cables do have their own troubles, though. - November 2016, Jersey pretty much lost all its internet communication because a boat dragged its anchor across the seabed, took out three high capacity cables, leaving just one, and Jersey was... not cut off, but hugely reduced communications whilst they set about repairing them. When they laid the first cable out to the Isles of Scilly from Porthcurno, it was all well reported in the media about how they were going to get connectivity. What wasn't reported was that they'd actually made the cable too short. So what they did was they got an end of cable, connected this dead end-of-cable up to the landing station and went, "Hoorah, it works!" when it wasn't working at all and then the media took all the photos, they went away, and then they put the problem right. So, don't always believe what you see on film. Or YouTube! - There are still active telecom cables under Porthcurno beach, although they're fibre-optic these days, and they don't surface at the Telegraph Museum's old cable hut here. They surface at industrial-looking buildings somewhere further ashore. One of those cables, called FLAG, goes all the way from under this beach here to Japan, 15,000 miles of cable stopping at a dozen other countries along the way and it can carry up to 100 gigabytes of data every second. And it's just one of many that land somewhere in this part of Britain. The fact that there's also several buildings owned by the British Intelligence Services around here is not a coincidence. So the next time you're in a group chat with people all over the world or video calling someone on another continent, just take a moment and remember that somewhere near you there is a beach with your conversation literally flashing underneath it.
Youtube doesn't know your password. Neither does Facebook, or Twitter, or any decent web service, literally. Your password is not stored in their database. It's safer that way. A hacker or a rogue employee can't find out what your password is. So, how do they know that you've typed the right password in when you go back to log in? Well, there are certain types of maths operations that are really easy to do one way, but really difficult to reverse. Multiplying two prime numbers together is relatively easy: 17×11 is 187. There's a shortcut I used there: to multiply by 11, you times by 10 and then add the original number. Now, because these two were prime, these are the only two numbers you can multiple together to get 187. So let's ask the question the other way: What two prime numbers multiplied together get you similar, semi-prime number? Let's pick 299. Well OK, it can't be 2× something, because it doesn't end in an even number. It can't be 3× something, because the digits don't sum to a multiple of 3. It can't be 5× something, because it doesn't end in 5 or 0. Can it be 7? Well, I don't know, I have to work that out the long way and there are so many other numbers it could be. There are a few shortcuts that computers and good mathematicians can use to make the operation a bit faster but, in summary, particularity for huge numbers, there is no efficient way to reverse that operation. It is maths that is easy to do one way, and difficult to reverse. Now to you, your password is a string of letters, or symbols, or numbers but to a computer it is the same as everything else - a string of binary digits - ones and zeros, and you can do maths on those ones and zeros, you can do those one way operations. Not necessarily anything to do with prime numbers, although there sometimes is. That process is called hashing, and there's something called salting that makes it more complicated still, but basically what you have at the end: you type in your password when you register -- "abc" -- you put it through a process, what you get is a random string of characters. That's what they keep in their database, and when you type your password in again to log in they put it through the same mathematical one way operation. If the hash that comes out matches what they have in their database then they know what you entered was right, even though they don't know anymore what you actually typed in. And if they've done it right, you can't reverse that hash back to your password without centuries of computer time or billions of dollars. That's why Google, Facebook, Yahoo, everyone, they don't email your password when you say you've forgotten it, they ask you to set a new one. They can't email you. They don't know it. And for that reason, if you ever find a company that does email you your password when you say that you've forgotten it, well, run, because they have no idea about security. If that was interesting, I've done a couple of longer videos over at Computerphile about hashing and password security and if it wasn't, well – The stunts you are about to see were performed by trained drivers on a closed course. Do not try this at home. [Translating these subtitles? Add your name here if you'd like credit!]
